Here we report a comprehensive suite for the well - known Poisson - Boltzmann solver , DelPhi , enriched with additional features to facilitate DelPhi usage .
The resource is available free of charge for academic users from URL : http://compbio.clemson.edu/DelPhi.php .
In this work , we described the DelPhi package and associated resources .
" Project name : DelPhi Project home page : e.g. http://compbio.clemson.edu/delphi.php Operating system ( s ) : Linux , Mac , Windows Programming language : Fortran and C Other requirements : no License : free of charge license is required Any restrictions to use by non - academics : Commercial users should contact Accelrys Inc . "
We have developed ANDES , a software library and a suite of applications , written in Perl and R , for the statistical ANalyses of DEep Sequencing .
The applications we have implemented in ANDES allow an investigator to identify and compare the variations within a sample or among multiple samples .
To identify the nature of sequencing artifacts and how they may impact the analyses of a 16S metagenomic sample , ANDES was applied to compute empirically - determined quality values on a set of 454 Titanium sequencing runs .
" Project name : ANDES Project home page : http://andestools.sourceforge.net/ Download web site : https://sourceforge.net/projects/andestools Operating system : Tested and in production on Linux . Programming language : Perl and R License : GNU GPL V 3 Any restrictions to use by non - academics : none "
In this paper , we present a lossless compression tool , MAFCO , specifically designed to compress MAF ( Multiple Alignment Format ) files .
Both source - code and binaries for several operating systems are freely available for non - commercial use at : http://bioinformatics.ua.pt/software/mafco . http://hgdownload-test.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg18/multiz28wayhttp://hgdownload-test.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/multiz46wayhttp://hgdownload-test.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/multiz100wayhttp://bioinformatics.ua.pt/software/mafcohttps://github.com/lumiratos/mafcohttps://github.com/lumiratos/bioruby-mafData Availability
The MAFCO compression tool can be found at : http://bioinformatics.ua.pt/software/mafco ; https://github.com/lumiratos/mafco .
Here , we introduce PyPhi , a Python software package that implements this framework for causal analysis and unfolds the full cause - effect structure of discrete dynamical systems of binary elements .
PyPhi is open - source and licensed under the GPLv 3 ; the source code is hosted on GitHub at https://github.com/wmayner/pyphi .
Here we describe PyPhi , a Python software package that implements IIT ’ s framework for causal analysis and unfolds the full CES of discrete Markovian dynamical systems of binary elements .
Here we describe coXpress , an R package that allows researchers to identify groups of genes that are differentially co - expressed .
We have developed coXpress as a means of identifying groups of genes that are differentially co - expressed .
Here we describe coXpress , a simple and easy to use package that allows users to explore differential co - expression in an intuitive way .
CoXpress uses hierarchical cluster analysis to explore the relationship between genes , cutting the tree to form groups of genes that are co - expressed .
CoXpress is released as a package for R .
CoXpress is written in the native R language and has been fully tested on both windows and linux .
" • Project Name : coXpress • Project Home Page : http://coxpress.sf.net • Operating Systems : Windows , Linux • Programming Language : R • Other Requirements : R , gplots , gtools , gdata ( for heatmaps ) , hu 6800 , hgu 95av 2 , plotrix ( for examples ) • License : GNU GPL "
In order to solve this problem , here we developed a Portable System for the Analysis of Metabolic Models ( PSAMM ) , a new open - source software package that supports the integration of heterogeneous metadata in model annotations and provides a user - friendly interface for the analysis of metabolic models .
PSAMM is independent of paid software environments like MATLAB , and all its dependencies are freely available for academic users .
Here , we present a Portable System for the Analysis of Metabolic Models ( PSAMM ) , an open source software package that was implemented to support the iterative curation of GEMs by connecting model annotations with mathematical simulations .
PSAMM was developed as an integrated software package that supports calling simulation functions using simple one - line commands .
Besides the availability of diverse functions and implementations of model import / export , model checking , and constraint - based analysis , a unique feature of PSAMM is the availability of easily accessible help information that assists the users in selecting program functions and parameter values .
Here we introduce CloVR - ITS , an automated pipeline for comparative analysis of internal transcribed spacer ( ITS ) pyrosequences amplified from metagenomic DNA isolates and representing fungal species .
CloVR - ITS is made available as a pre - installed , automated , and portable software pipeline for cloud - friendly execution as part of the CloVR virtual machine package ( http://clovr.org ) .
Here we present CloVR - ITS , a standard operating procedure ( SOP ) for ITS amplicon sequence analysis for fungal diversity studies .
CloVR - ITS has been designed to effectively process sequence data representing any contiguous segment of the ITS region ( i.e. ITS 1 or ITS 2 ) and can perform comparative analysis of hundreds of samples .
We present Redirector , a new Flux Balance Analysis - based framework for identifying engineering targets to optimize metabolite production in complex pathways .
We compare the final set of flux values resulting from this Redirector optimization to fluxes resulting from the optimization for biomass .
The Redirector framework provides a new capability in modeling metabolic alterations , using the FBA objective .
To demonstrate its capacity to optimize challenging pathways , we have applied Redirector to the production of myristoyl - CoA , examining the highest growth parameter design as well as the dependency analysis of multiple designs .
The Redirector Package including operational software code and metabolic network model files used for this publication are available at https://github.com//bionomicron/Redirector.git .
Here , we present an easily accessible software toolkit , called ENCORE , which can be used to compare conformational ensembles generated either from simulations alone or synergistically with experiments .
ENCORE is freely available and extendable , integrates with the established MDAnalysis software package , reads ensemble data in many common formats , and can work with large trajectory files .
The library , called ENCORE ( http://encore-similarity.github.io/encore ) , interfaces with the MDAnalysis molecular analysis toolkit [14] and can be used both as a Python library and from the command line .
ENCORE is freely available ( http://encore-similarity.github.io/encore ) , together with its documentation and several examples on how to use it , and is distributed under the GNU general public license , version 3 .
Here we present PhyloBot , a web - based software tool that makes ancestral sequence reconstruction easy .
PhyloBot runs in a web browser , and is available at the following URL : http://www.phylobot.com .
PhyloBot is a web portal that automates the reconstruction of ancestral amino acid sequences .
Users are welcome to use an instance of PhyloBot available at http://www.phylobot.com , or launch their own instance of PhyloBot using its open - source code .
PhyloBot is available to use at http://www.phylobot.com , and its source code is available at https://github.com/vhsvhs/phylobot-django .
We have recently developed Mindboggle as a fully automated , feature - matching approach to assign anatomical labels to cortical structures and activity in human brain MRI data .
Each brain image voxel of each of 20 human subjects is assigned a label by each of the remaining 19 atlases using Mindboggle .
In this paper , we have chosen to extend the use of an individual atlas to multiple atlases in a recently introduced , fully automated , feature - based nonlinear labeling method called Mindboggle ( freely downloadable , open source Matlab code ) [63,85] .
Mindboggle is a freely downloadable , open source software package written in Matlab ( version 6 , release 13 , with the Image Processing Toolbox , The Mathworks Inc . , USA ) and has been tested on different models of desktop and laptop computers running different distributions of Linux , as well as MacOSX and Windows .
A HMMER web server ( http://hmmer.janelia.org ) has been designed and implemented such that most protein database searches return within a few seconds .
We have developed the HMMER web site ( http://hmmer.janelia.org ) to not only provide downloadable HMMER binaries , documentation and source code as it has done in the past , but now also to provide an interface for performing protein sequence searches with near interactive response times .
To address this need , we have developed Bamgineer , a tool written in Python to introduce user - defined haplotype - phased allele - specific copy number events into an existing Binary Alignment Mapping ( BAM ) file , with a focus on targeted and exome sequencing experiments .
As proof - of - principle , we applied Bamgineer to a single high - coverage ( mean : 220X ) exome sequence file from a blood sample to simulate copy number profiles of 3 exemplar tumors from each of 10 tumor types at 5 tumor cellularity levels ( 20 - 100 % , 150 BAM files in total ) .
Here we introduce Bamgineer , a tool to modify existing BAM files to precisely model allele - specific and haplotype - phased CNVs ( Fig 1 ) .
We implemented parallelization of the Bamgineer algorithm for both standalone and high performance computing cluster environments , significantly improving the scalability of the algorithm .
To this end , we developed scPipe , an R / Bioconductor package that integrates barcode demultiplexing , read alignment , UMI - aware gene - level quantification and quality control of raw sequencing data generated by multiple protocols that include CEL - seq , MARS - seq , Chromium 10X , Drop - seq and Smart - seq .
The scPipe R package is available for download from https://www.bioconductor.org/packages/scPipe .
In the remainder of this article we provide an overview of the main features of our scPipe software and demonstrate its use on various in - house generated and publicly available scRNA - seq datasets .
scPipe is an R [13] / Bioconductor [14] package that can handle data generated from all popular 3 ’ end scRNA - seq protocols and their variants , such as CEL - seq , MARS - seq , Chromium 10X and Drop - seq .
The scPipe package is written in R and C + + and uses the Rcpp package [ 16 , 17 ] to wrap the C + + code into R functions and the Rhtslib package [18] for BAM input / output .
The scPipe package is available from https://www.bioconductor.org/packages/scPipe .
We introduce MatrixConverter , a program that helps expedite and facilitate the transformation of raw phenomic character data into discrete character matrices that can be used in most evolutionary inference programs .
• Methods and Results : MatrixConverter is an open source program written in Java ; a platform - independent binary executable , as well as sample data sets and a user ’ s manual , are available at https://github.com/gburleigh/MatrixConverter/tree/master/distribution .
MatrixConverter is an open source program written in Java .
The source code is available at https://github.com/gburleigh/MatrixConverter/ .
To address this challenge we have developed a new version of DREM termed interactive DREM ( iDREM ) .
To address these issues we developed the interactive DREM ( iDREM ) tool that provides support for more data types and greatly improves the visualization allowing users to interactively query the reconstructed network .
iDREM is implemented using a combination of Java and Javascript .
The iDREM code and software , with an example input dataset and detailed instructions are available from GitHub ( https://github.com/phoenixding/idrem ) .
Herein we present PoreWalker , a fully automated method , which detects and fully characterises channels in transmembrane proteins from their 3D structures .
The software is available as a web - based resource at http://www.ebi.ac.uk/thornton-srv/software/PoreWalker/ .
Herein we present PoreWalker , a method to provide a detailed description of the three dimensional geometry of a channel ( or pore ) through a transmembrane protein , given the coordinates of the protein structure .
PoreWalker is fully automated , requiring only the 3D protein coordinates from the PDB file , and so can be applied to any new structure or across all transmembrane proteins in the PDB .
The software is implemented as a web - based resource at http://www.ebi.ac.uk/thornton-srv/software/PoreWalker/ and its source codes will soon be available upon request to the authors .
All programs included in the PoreWalker pipeline are developed in - house in C and PERL programming languages .
We developed PoreWalker , a novel web - available method for the detection and characterisation of channels in transmembrane proteins from their three - dimensional structure .
PoreWalker is fully automated and very user - friendly , requiring as input only the 3D coordinates of a transmembrane protein structure .
To fill this gap , this paper describes VASP - E ( Volumetric Analysis of Surface Properties with Electrostatics ) , a novel volumetric comparison tool based on the electrostatic comparison of protein - ligand and protein - protein binding sites .
These results suggest that VASP - E should prove a useful tool for the characterization of specific binding and the engineering of binding preferences in proteins .
Our approach identifies regions like these by representing electrostatic isopotentials with volumetric solids generated by the new program VASP - E ( Volumetric Analysis of Surface Properties with Electrostatics ) .
Because VASP - E is designed to identify electrostatic influences on specificity , we validate it using families of proteins for which the mechanisms that achieve specificity are well understood and fundamentally electrostatic .
VASP - E was developed in ansi C / C + + using gcc ( the Gnu Compiler Collection ) version 4.4.7 , on 64 bit linux - based computing platforms .
We have developed LAMINA ( Leaf shApe deterMINAtion ) , a new tool for the automated analysis of images of leaves .
The LAMINA software has been implemented in Java as a stand - alone graphical application .
A random set of 50 leaves were scanned and analysed using ImageJ [20] and LAMINA .
" Project name : LAMINA : Leaf shApe deterMINAtion Project home page : http://sourceforge.net/projects/lamina Operating system ( s ) : Platform independent Programming language : Java Other requirements : Java 1.4 .x or higher .
LAMINA uses the Java Advanced Imaging ( JAI ) package http://java.sun.com/javase/technologies/desktop/media/jai/ to support common image file formats , which is bundled with the installation and hence no additional installation should be required .
License : GNU GPL 2 "
We designed and developed a new method , MSACompro , to synergistically incorporate predicted secondary structure , relative solvent accessibility , and residue - residue contact information into the currently most accurate posterior probability - based MSA methods to improve the accuracy of multiple sequence alignments .
MSACompro is an efficient and reliable multiple protein sequence alignment tool that can effectively incorporate predicted protein structural information into multiple sequence alignment .
The software is available at http://sysbio.rnet.missouri.edu/multicom_toolbox/ .
Then we developed MSACompro , a new multiple sequence alignment method , which effectively utilizes predicted secondary structure , relative solvent accessibility , and residue - residue contact map together with posterior alignment probabilities produced by both pair hidden Markov models and partition function as in MSAProbs [4] .
We tested the MSACompro method against this data with contact predictions .
We developed Hi - Corrector , an easy - to - use , open source implementation of the Hi - C data normalization algorithm .
The package is freely available at http://zhoulab.usc.edu/Hi-Corrector/ .
We developed Hi - Corrector , a scalable and memory - efficient package for bias removal in HiC data .
Hi - Corrector can run on any single computer or a computer cluster with limited memory size to complete the task .
Therefore , Hi - Corrector is a timely resource addressing the challenge of normalizing high - resolution Hi - C data .
Here we propose a new approach to transmission inference called SCOTTI ( Structured COalescent Transmission Tree Inference ) .
SCOTTI is distributed as an open source package for the phylogenetic software BEAST 2 .
Here , we present a new approach , SCOTTI , that accounts for these complexities in a computationally feasible manner .
SCOTTI is implemented as an open - source package for the Bayesian phylogenetic software BEAST 2 [28] , and as such , it can be freely installed and used .
Availability : FunciSNP is available from Bioconductor ( bioconductor.org ) .
Here , we describe a new bioinformatic tool , called Functional Identification of SNPs ( FunciSNP ) to aid in the identification of candidate functional SNPs associated with a phenotype by integrating and correlating knowledge obtained from three whole - genome sequencing data types ( 1000 genomes , GWAS SNPs and sequence - based chromatin maps ) .
FunciSNP is an R package , which is licensed under the General Public License ( GPLv 3 ) and is freely available through the Bioconductor repository ( [31] ) .
We developed FunciSNP to fully integrate information derived from GWAS , 1000 genomes database and chromatin mapping / epigenomics data in order to identify candidate functional SNPs .
We developed a software package , V - Phaser 2 , for inferring intrahost diversity within viral populations .
We developed V - Phaser 2 , a publicly available software tool ( V - Phaser 2 can be accessed via : http://www.broadinstitute.org/scientific-community/science/projects/viral-genomics/v-phaser-2 and is freely available for academic use ) that enables the efficient analysis of ultra - deep sequencing data produced by common next generation sequencing platforms for viral populations .
We developed the V - Phaser 2 program that overcomes these limitations of V - Phaser [12] .
To overcome these drawbacks , we implemented LAILAPS - QSM , a machine learning approach that reconstruct possible linguistic contexts of a given keyword query .
The source code of LAILAPS - QSM is available under GNU General Public License version 2 in Bitbucket GIT repository : https://bitbucket.org/ipk_bit_team/bioescorte-suggestion
An R package for T3 _ MM is freely downloadable from : http://biocomputer.bio.cuhk.edu.hk/softwares/T3_MM .
T3 _ MM web server : http://biocomputer.bio.cuhk.edu.hk/T3DB/T3_MM.php .
PyMS comprises a library of functions for processing of instrument GC - MS data developed in Python .
PyMS is a novel software package for the processing of raw GC - MS data , particularly suitable for scripting of customized processing pipelines and for data processing in batch mode .
Here we describe PyMS , a novel GC - MS processing software that decouples data processing methods from GUI - based interface .
PyMS currently implements a complete set of methods required in typical GC - MS data processing , including reading of standard data formats , baseline correction , nose filtering , peak detection , peak deconvolution , peak integration , and peak alignment based on dynamic programming described previously [36] .
We present details of the PyMS implementation , give an overview of current data processing capabilities , and analyze real - life data analysis scenarios based on custom data sets .
Project name : PyMS Project home page : http://code.google.com/p/pyms/ Operating system ( s ) : Platform independent Programming language : Python Other requirements : NumPy , Netcdf , Pycdf , Pycluster , matplotlib , tcl , tk License : GNU GPL 2 Any restrictions to use by non - academics : No "
PhysiCell - physics - based multicellular simulator - is an open source agent - based simulator that provides both the stage and the players for studying many interacting cells in dynamic tissue microenvironments .
We demonstrate PhysiCell by simulating the impact of necrotic core biomechanics , 3 - D geometry , and stochasticity on the dynamics of hanging drop tumor spheroids and ductal carcinoma in situ ( DCIS ) of the breast .
The PhysiCell source code , examples , documentation , and support are available under the BSD license at http://PhysiCell.MathCancer.org and http://PhysiCell.sf.net .
PhysiCell is written in cross - platform compatible C + + and is self - contained ( with minimal dependencies ) .
We have tested PhysiCell on Windows through MinGW - w64 , and on OSX and Linux via g + + .
Downloading PhysiCell :
Users can download a PhysiCell release at :
You can get the most recent virtual appliance by browsing to : https://sourceforge.net/projects/physicell/files/PhysiCell/ .
Then browsing a recent release directory ( e.g. , PhysiCell 1.2.2 ) , and downloading the ova file . https://github.com/MathCancer/PhysiCell/releases/latest
PhysiCell is licensed under the ( 3 - clause ) BSD license , which is compatible with commercial products and can be included in GPL - licensed projects .
I introduce an open - source R package ‘ dcGOR ’ to provide the bioinformatics community with the ease to analyse ontologies and protein domain annotations , particularly those in the dcGO database .
To meet these needs , I have developed ‘ dcGOR ’ , a flexible R package that provides a basic infrastructure suitable for representing ontologies and annotations .
The dcGOR is exclusively implemented on the R software environment .
As open - source software , the dcGOR package is freely available under the GPL - 2 license ( see Software S1 ) .
For ease of installation ( R package dependencies ) , it is distributed as part of CRAN , http://cran.r-project.org/package=dcGOR .
For ease of version control , it is also distributed at GitHub , https://github.com/hfang-bristol/dcGOR .
The software tool , termed MetaSel , was developed .
Furthermore , MetaSel offers an intuitive , yet comprehensive , workflow to assist karyotyping , including tools for editing chromosome ( split , merge and fix ) and a karyotyping editor ( moving , rotating , and pairing homologous chromosomes ) .
The program can be freely downloaded from " http://www4a.biotec.or.th/GI/tools/metasel " .
The software , called MetaSel , is the first attempt to offer a free assistive karyotyping tool for chromosome analysis .
This classification module was incorporated into our karyotyping software tool , called MetaSel , which was written from scratch using C # on Microsoft Windows 7 operating system .
Both software ( for Windows XP or 7 only ) and user manual can be freely downloaded from our website , http://www4a.biotec.or.th/GI/tools/metasel .
The OpenSim software is covered by the Apache License 2.0 , which permits its use for any purpose including both nonprofit and commercial applications .
Platform - specific installers of OpenSim include a GUI and are available on simtk.org .
The OpenSim source code is available under the permissive Apache License 2.0 , making OpenSim suitable for any academic , commercial , government , or personal use ( some dependencies have more restrictive licenses ) .
To make OpenSim accessible to a broad community of users , pre - packaged binaries with a desktop application ( GUI and visualizer ) are released periodically at https://simtk.org/projects/opensim .
Here we present NeuroMap , a new interactive Matlab - based software for spatiotemporal mapping of MEA data .
Overall , NeuroMap provides substantial material for detailed spatiotemporal analysis of MEA data .
The package is distributed under GNU General Public License and available at http://sites.google.com/site/neuromapsoftware .
Because such approach has , to our knowledge , not been adapted for mapping MEA data , here we present NeuroMap , an interactive Matlab - based software for mapping MEA data based on spline interpolation .
NeuroMap has been used on real LFP data recorded from embryonic mouse brainstem and spinal cord preparations .
NeuroMap is made freely available to the community under GNU General Public License ( GPL ) at http://sites.google.com/site/neuromapsoftware .
For this purpose , an image warping tool was implemented in NeuroMap , based on a moving least squares algorithm employing rigid transformations for a realistic deformation ( Schaefer et al . , 2006 ) .
NeuroMap is licensed under GNU GPL and can be freely downloaded from a dedicated website ( http://sites.google.com/site/neuromapsoftware ) .
We presented NeuroMap , an interactive software for spatiotemporal mapping of 2D and 3D MEA data .
We present a new open source , extensible and flexible software platform for Bayesian evolutionary analysis called BEAST 2 .
A second major improvement is the ability to read / write the entire state of the MCMC chain to / from disk allowing it to be easily shared between multiple instances of the BEAST software .
The first generation Bayesian Evolutionary Analysis by Sampling Trees ( BEAST ) package [1] , [2] has become a popular platform for solving such problems and takes a modeling philosophy that all of these evolutionary analysis problems share at their core one or more phylogenetic time - trees .
This paper describes the overarching design and implementation details of a re - write of the BEAST platform that we have designated BEAST 2 , as well as presenting examples of some significant new models developed especially for this new platform .
The BEAST 2 platform is an open source project and is anonymously available on a source repository hosted by GitHub at https://github.com/CompEvol/beast2 and supplementary material Code S1 .
This example file runs on BEAST 2.1.0 with the MultiTypeTree package ( http://compevol.github.io/MultiTypeTree/ ) .
Here , we present the software library pSSAlib , which provides a complete and concise implementation of the most efficient partial - propensity methods for simulating exact stochastic chemical kinetics .
Here , we describe pSSAlib in detail and apply it to a new model of the endocytic pathway in eukaryotic cells , leading to the discovery of a stochastic counterpart of the cut - out switch motif underlying early - to - late endosome conversion .
pSSAlib is written in C + + and is designed to be highly efficient , also supporting parallel execution on distributed - memory computer clusters .
The pSSAlib source code and pre - packaged installers are freely available from mosaic.mpi - cbg.de as open source under the GNU LGPL v 3 license .
We have developed GEMINI ( GEnome MINIng ) , a flexible software package for exploring all forms of human genetic variation .
Unlike existing tools , GEMINI integrates genetic variation with a diverse and adaptable set of genome annotations ( e.g. , dbSNP , ENCODE , UCSC , ClinVar , KEGG ) into a unified database to facilitate interpretation and data exploration .
Whereas other methods provide an inflexible set of variant filters or prioritization methods , GEMINI allows researchers to compose complex queries based on sample genotypes , inheritance patterns , and both pre - installed and custom genome annotations .
GEMINI also provides methods for ad hoc queries and data exploration , a simple programming interface for custom analyses that leverage the underlying database , and both command line and graphical tools for common analyses .
We demonstrate GEMINI ' s utility for exploring variation in personal genomes and family based genetic studies , and illustrate its ability to scale to studies involving thousands of human samples .
We have therefore developed GEMINI ( GEnome MINIng ) , a novel software package that integrates genetic variation in the VCF format [3] with both automatically installed and researcher - defined genome annotations into a unified database framework .
GEMINI is a freely available , open - source software package .
The source code is maintained and available at : https://github.com/arq5x/gemini .
In response , we have created Wham ( Whole - genome Alignment Metrics ) to provide a single , integrated framework for both structural variant calling and association testing , thereby bypassing many of the difficulties that currently frustrate attempts to employ SVs in association testing .
Wham and all associated software are covered under the MIT License and can be freely downloaded from github ( https://github.com/zeeev/wham ) , with documentation on a wiki ( http://zeeev.github.io/wham/ ) .
Wham clusters all the candidate breakpoints and rounds their positions to the nearest tenth base pair .
To do this , Wham should be run over a BAM file containing SVs that have been validated .
We also use Wham to identify biologically important structural variants in non - human data .
Wham and all associated software can be found on github ( https://github.com/zeeev/wham ) , documentation is on the wiki ( http://zeeev.github.io/wham/ ) .
We present VisANT , an application for integrating biomolecular interaction data into a cohesive , graphical interface .
VisANT is a freely available , open - source tool for researchers , and offers an online interface for a large range of published data sets on biomolecular interactions , including those entered by users .
VisANT has been developed to provide interactive visual mining of biological interaction data sets .
VisANT is available at http://visant.bu.edu .
We present Telescope , a computational software tool that provides accurate estimation of transposable element expression ( retrotranscriptome ) resolved to specific genomic locations .
Telescope is available at https://github.com/mlbendall/telescope .
Here , we introduce Telescope , a tool which provides accurate estimation of TE expression resolved to specific genomic locations .
We use Telescope to investigate the expression of HERVs in cell types from the ENCODE consortium .
Telescope is implemented in Python , is available as an open - source program under the MIT license , and has been developed and tested on Linux and MacOS .
With Pep2Path , we introduce a software package to fully automate the peptidogenomics approach through the rapid Bayesian probabilistic matching of mass spectra to their corresponding biosynthetic gene clusters .
Finally , we can also add an η variable that allows NRPSPredictor 2 mismatches to be penalized exponentially as the number of mismatches increase : The default value in the Pep2Path software is η = 2 .
Pep2Path is freely available from http://pep2path.sourceforge.net/ , implemented in Python , licensed under the GNU General Public License v 3 and supported on MS Windows , Linux and Mac OS X .
Updated versions of the Pep2Path code will be made available on http://pep2path.sourceforge.net in the future .
In the present paper , new algorithms for SNP microarray data analysis and the software , AccuTyping , developed based on these algorithms are described .
AccuTyping was used to determine > 300 000 genotypes of DNA and sperm samples .
AccuTyping can be downloaded from http://www2.umdnj.edu/lilabweb/publications/AccuTyping.html .
A computer software , AccuTyping , was developed based on the algorithms described above .
AccuTyping takes inputs of the two color intensities digitized from scanned microarray images with one of the two popular software packages , GenePix ( Axon Instrument , Union City , CA ) or ImaGene ( Biodiscovery , Inc . , El Segundo , CA ) .
The program is available for download from our website http://www2.umdnj.edu/lilabweb/Publications/AccuTyping.html .
Metabomatching is written for Matlab and compatible with octave .
Metabomatching is also available as a docker container , and within the metabolomics e - infrastructure PhenoMeNal http://phenomenal-h2020.eu .
Here , we present a new approach to computer - assisted de novo design of ligand candidate structures , and describe its implementation in the software tool DOGS ( Design Of Genuine Structures ) .
DOGS implements 83 reactions ( termed coupling reactions in the following ) , 58 of which are unique and 25 represent either charge variations ( reactants ) or regioisomer variations ( products ) of one of the unique reactions .
The DOGS software was implemented in the programming language Java ( Oracle Corporation , 500 Oracle Parkway , Redwood Shores , CA 94065 , USA ) version 1.6 and uses the Chemistry Development Kit ( CDK , version 1.0.2 ) [23] , [24] .
Additionally , PathVisio 3 introduces a new powerful extension systems that allows other developers to contribute additional functionality in form of plugins without changing the core application.PathVisio can be downloaded from http://www.pathvisio.org and in 2014 PathVisio 3 has been downloaded over 5,500 times .
PathVisio is a freely available , open - source tool published under the Apache 2.0 license ( http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 ) .
In 2008 , we presented the first version of our pathway visualization and analysis tool PathVisio [1] .
PathVisio is implemented in Java and thus runs on all major operating systems .
The PathVisio repository is located at http://repository.pathvisio.org .
To enable the integration of PathVisio in an automated workflow , we developed PathVisioRPC ( http://projects.bigcat.unimaas.nl/pathvisiorpc/ ) to be able to call PathVisio from other programming languages through an XML - RPC server .
THREaD Mapper Studio ( http://cbr.jic.ac.uk/threadmapper ) is a new web site that implements a novel , visual and interactive method for the estimation of genetic linkage maps from DNA markers .
Most recently , a public web server THREaD Mapper Studio has been developed to enable any user to analyse their data set using the THREaD Mapper method without the need for downloading and installing software packages .
THREaD Mapper Studio is mostly coded in Python and JavaScript .
Availability : The package is freely available under LGPL from the R - Forge web site ( http://repitools.r-forge.r-project.org/ )
This work presents Constraint - based Flux Analysis ( CBFA ) , an open - source software application for flux analysis in metabolic models that implements several methods for phenotype prediction , allowing users to define constraints associated with measured fluxes and / or flux ratios , together with environmental conditions ( e.g. media ) and reaction / gene knockouts .
The integration of CBFA within the OptFlux framework for ME enables the utilization of different model formats and standards and the integration with complementary methods for phenotype simulation and visualization of results .
In this work , CBFA - Constraint - based Flux Analysis , a general - purpose and flexible application is proposed that is independent of the type of data available and their processing .
In order to explore several features for model handling and visualization , and to enable the interaction with different tools , CBFA was built as a new plugin for Optflux .
An overview of the overall workflow implemented in CBFA is provided in Figure [1] , where the different inputs , the generated constraints , the system types , the supported methods and their outputs are shown .
More details : Software name : CBFA plugin for Optflux Project home page : http://www.optflux.org/ Methods details and application tutorial : http://www.optflux.org/cbfa Operating system ( s ) : Platform independent Programming languages : Java Other requirements : Java JRE 1.7 .x ( for Mac OS users the installation of JDK 1.7 is recommended ) , GLPK License : GNU - GPL , version 3 "
The current work describes our SSPACE - LongRead software which is designed to upgrade incomplete draft genomes using single molecule sequences .
Academics can request a free copy at http://www.baseclear.com/bioinformatics-tools/ .
" • Project name : SSPACE - LongRead • Project home page : http://www.baseclear.com/bioinformatics-tools/ • Operating systems : All major Linux platforms • Programming languages : Perl , C + + ( the latter is required for BLASR , see below ) • Other requirements : BLASR for the alignment of long reads [22] • License : BaseTools software license • Any restrictions to use by non - academics : commercial licence needed "
Here , we describe CellProfiler 3.0 , a new version of the software supporting both whole - volume and plane - wise analysis of three - dimensional ( 3D ) image stacks , increasingly common in biomedical research .
Designed by and for biologists , CellProfiler equips researchers with powerful computational tools via a well - documented user interface , empowering biologists in all fields to create quantitative , reproducible image analysis workflows .
The first version of CellProfiler was introduced in 2005 and published in 2006 [4] .
A second major version of CellProfiler , rewritten in Python from its original MATLAB implementation , was published in 2011 [5] and included methods for tracking cells in movies and measuring neurons , worms , and tissue samples .
In the CellProfiler 3.0 release , we introduced methods for analyzing 3D images , using deep learning architectures and cloud computing resources , and other improvements to CellProfiler ’ s usability and capabilities .
( B ) Evaluation of CellProfiler 3.0 performance in comparison to the MorphoLibJ plugin in Fiji software .
To this end , we designed a general framework , BeWith , for identifying modules with different combinations of mutation and interaction patterns .
To address this challenge , we designed a general framework , named BeWith , for identifying modules with different combinations of mutation and interaction patterns .
We introduced the BeWith framework to identify multiple mutated modules displaying specific mutation patterns between and within modules .
We present a general fragmentation methodology and accompanying tools called FragIt to help setup these calculations .
We present an open source fragmentation methodology , an accompanying command line tool and a corresponding web service called FragIt that enables one to easily fragment any molecule or system of interest using predefined ( or custom ) patterns to locate fragmentation points .
We have tested FragIt on several artificial and naturally occurring proteins with patterns of fragmentation to make reasonable fragments both in terms of the involved chemistry and size .
The web service [44] available at http://www.fragit.org enables users to upload their structure , fragment it and download the resulting input file to GAMESS .
For greater flexibility , we strongly encourage the use of the command line tool which can be downloaded from the above URL or accessed from the development source at http://www.github.com/FragIt/ .
The FragIt source code is distributed under an open source license ( GPL , version 2 or later ) and users of the FragIt code are encouraged to submit changes and additions , especially for their own ( fragmentation ) methods .
We present ggsashimi , a command - line tool for the visualization of splicing events across multiple samples .
Compared to the existing versions of programs generating sashimi plots , it uses popular bioinformatics file formats , it is annotation - independent , and allows the visualization of splicing events even for large genomic regions by scaling down the genomic segments between splice sites . ggsashimi is freely available at https://github.com/guigolab/ggsashimi .
In contrast to the original tool , ggsashimi internally generates an R script which uses the ggplot 2 library [5] for the graphical rendering .
Since ggsashimi uses the most popular file formats and has very few dependencies , it can be easily integrated in any splicing analysis pipeline , and can facilitate the interrogation of alternative splicing in large - scale RNA sequencing projects , such as ENCODE [6] and GTEx [7] . ggsashimi is freely available at https://github.com/guigolab/ggsashimi .
By using our software ( ACME ) to study somite formation , we were able to segment touching cells with high accuracy and reliably quantify changes in morphogenetic parameters such as cell shape and size , and the arrangement of epithelial and mesenchymal cells .
Our software has been developed and tested on Windows , Mac , and Linux platforms and is available publicly under an open source BSD license ( https://github.com/krm15/ACME ) .
Precompiled binaries are also available at https://wiki.med.harvard.edu/SysBio/Megason/ACME .
We introduce sourceR , an R package for quantitative source attribution , aimed at food - borne diseases .
The aim of this paper is to extend current approaches to statistical source attribution , and to provide a standard software package , sourceR , providing an intuitive interface to source attribution models for epidemiological domain specialists .
The stable release version of sourceR is available from the Comprehensive R Archive Network , released under a GPL - 3 licence .
The development version is available at http://fhm-chicas-code.lancs.ac.uk/millerp/sourceR .
Here we present a tool , Podbat ( Positioning database and analysis tool ) , that incorporates data from various sources and allows detailed dissection of the entire range of chromatin modifications simultaneously .
Podbat can be used to analyze , visualize , store and share epigenomics data .
Podbat is open source software freely downloadable from www.podbat.org , distributed under the GNU LGPL license .
Podbat requires Java version 1.6 or higher .
We set out to develop an integrated computational tool , Podbat ( Positioning database and analysis tool ) for use on epigenomics datasets .
Podbat is open source software implemented as a desktop application in Java and can be freely and anonymously downloaded from www.podbat.org or as supplemental material accompanying this paper ( Software S1 ) .
Podbat is distributed under the GNU LGPL license .
Here we describe a simple experimental set - up and a novel open - source code , named M - Track , for simultaneously tracking the movement of individual forepaws during spontaneous grooming in multiple freely - behaving mice .
M - Track provides a valuable and user - friendly interface to streamline the analysis of spontaneous grooming in biomedical research studies .
Fifth , by using a mean shifting clustering algorithm , M - Track identifies the highest - density cluster of pixels with the highest probability values .
The software and documentation for M - Track is freely available for download from the Scimemi Lab website ( https://sites.google.com/site/scimemilab2013/software ) or from the GitHub repository , which also includes detailed instructions on software installation and video analysis , which can be tested in videos of black and white mice ( https://github.com/scimemia/M-Track ) .
M - Track was written using Python 2.7 , OpenCV 3.0 and Qt 4.8 , which can be downloaded free of charge at the URLs reported in Table 3 .
The software and documentation for M - Track are freely available for download from the Scimemi lab website ( https://sites.google.com/site/scimemilab2013/software ) or from the GitHub repository ( https://github.com/scimemia/M-Track ) .
Here we report VDJtools , a complementary software suite that solves a wide range of T cell receptor ( TCR ) repertoires post - analysis tasks , provides a detailed tabular output and publication - ready graphics , and is built on top of a flexible API .
VDJtools software and documentation are available at https://github.com/mikessh/vdjtools .
VDJtools can calculate basic immune repertoire statistics that were commonly used in pre - HTS era repertoire analysis .
VDJtools is an open - source software , the source code can be accessed at GitHub [40] .
OHM ( OligoHeatMap ) is an online tool able to provide estimates of T for a set of oligomers and a set of aligned sequences , not only as text files of complete results but also in a graphical way : T values are translated into colors and displayed as a heat map image , either stand alone or to be used by softwares such as TreeDyn to be included in a phylogenetic tree .
OHM is freely available at http://bioinfo.unice.fr/ohm/ , with links to the full source code and online help .
To fill this gap , we developed a web - based application , QuIN , which enables : 1 ) building and visualizing chromatin interaction networks , 2 ) annotating networks with user - provided private and publicly available functional genomics and interaction datasets , 3 ) querying network components based on gene name or chromosome location , and 4 ) utilizing network based measures to identify and prioritize critical regulatory targets and their direct and indirect interactions .
AVAILABILITY : QuIN ’ s web server is available at http://quin.jax.org QuIN is developed in Java and JavaScript , utilizing an Apache Tomcat web server and MySQL database and the source code is available under the GPLV 3 license available on GitHub : https://github.com/UcarLab/QuIN/ .
To overcome the limitations of current tools , we developed a single platform for Querying and visualizing Chromatin Interaction Networks ( QuIN ) ( http://quin.jax.org ) ( Fig 1 ) .
In summary , QuIN is designed to enable biologists to easily represent and annotate their chromatin - interaction datasets in the form of networks and to use these datasets for discovering important interactions or targets .
QuIN is an open source project released under the GNU General Public License Version 3 and is available on GitHub ( https://github.com/UcarLab/QuIN/ ) and in S1 software .
We introduce MicroSyn software as a means of detecting microsynteny in adjacent genomic regions surrounding genes in gene families .
MicroSyn was designed for both experienced and non - expert users with a user - friendly graphical - user interface .
MicroSyn is available from : http://fcsb.njau.edu.cn/microsyn/ .
We have developed a tool , called MicroSyn , to semi - automatically detect microsynteny within an individual gene family .
In particular , MicroSyn was designed for both experienced and non - expert users .
To demonstrate the utility and use of MicroSyn , we presented a case study of the evolution of miR 167 gene family in Arabidopsis thaliana ( Arabidopsis ) , Populus trichocarpa ( Populus ) , Vitis vinifera ( grape ) and Oryza sativa ( rice ) .
In this study , we took advantages of newly available whole genome resources , and developed a program , MicroSyn , a semi - automated tool , to provide an additional valuable means to address the problem intrinsic in the computational methods and sequence qualities themselves in gene family analysis .
MicroSyn is now implemented in C # on Windows platform .
" Project name : MicroSyn Project home page : http://fcsb.njau.edu.cn/microsyn Operating system ( s ) : Windows Programming language : C # Requirements : .net framework on Windows "
Results : We propose a novel RNA - Seq quantification method , RNA - Skim , which partitions the transcriptome into disjoint transcript clusters based on sequence similarity , and introduces the notion of sig - mers , which are a special type of k - mers uniquely associated with each cluster .
Availability and implementation : The software is available at http://www.csbio.unc.edu/rs .
Based on these sig - mers , we developed a method , RNA - Skim , which is much faster than Sailfish and also maintains the same level of accuracy in the results .
We proposed a method , RNA - Skim , for quantifying the transcripts using the sig - mer counts in RNA - Seq data .
ProDySummary : We developed a Python package , ProDy , for structure - based analysis of protein dynamics .
Availability : ProDy is open source and freely available under GNU General Public License from http://www.csb.pitt.edu/ProDy/ .
We developed ProDy to analyze and retrieve biologically significant information from such heterogeneous structural datasets .
In ProDy , we implemented algorithms for optimal alignment of such heterogeneous datasets and building corresponding covariance matrices .
To fill this void , we have developed the illuminaio package that parses IDAT files from any BeadArray platform , including the decryption of files from Illumina ’ s gene expression arrays . illuminaio provides the first open - source package for this task , and will promote wider uptake of the IDAT format as a standard for sharing Illumina BeadArray data in public databases , in the same way that the CEL file serves as the standard for the Affymetrix platform .
Implementation illuminaio is an R package [9] .
Software availability illuminaio is an R package available from the Bioconductor project ( http://www.bioconductor.org ) and from http://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7588 .
The article describes illuminaio , an R package to process the raw data files produced by the Illumina scanning software .
We present ASPASIA ( Automated Simulation Parameter Alteration and SensItivity Analysis ) , a cross - platform , open - source Java toolkit that addresses a key deficiency in software tools for understanding the impact an intervention has on system behaviour for models specified in Systems Biology Markup Language ( SBML ) .
ASPASIA , released under the Artistic License ( 2.0 ) , can be downloaded from http://www.york.ac.uk/ycil/software .
To address the challenge of capturing and analysing biological interventions in SBML , we have developed ASPASIA ( Automated Simulation Parameter Alteration and SensItivity Analysis ) , a freely available software package that is compatible with all versions and levels of SBML and that complements currently available SBML solver software and statistical packages .
ASPASIA is open source and available under the Artistic License ( 2.0 ) .
MAGPIE , a Modeling and Analysis Generic Platform with Integrated Evaluation , closes this gap by providing a software platform for both , publishing and executing computational models without restrictions on the programming language , thereby combining a maximum on flexibility for programmers with easy handling for non - technical users .
We demonstrate the versatility of MAGPIE using four prototypic example cases .
Our platform MAGPIE addresses this issue by providing a single platform where researchers from different domains can publish , exchange and execute models on - line ( Fig 1 ) as well as publish and exchange data .
MAGPIE was implemented in Ruby on Rails 5 .
The MAGPIE source code can be downloaded from the GitHub repository at https://github.com/christbald/magpie and installed on any public or private server , as well as on any local computer .
To address this need , we propose a novel reactive coarse - grained force field , as well as a publicly available software package , named the Mechanochemical Dynamics of Active Networks ( MEDYAN ) , for simulating active network evolution and dynamics ( available at www.medyan.org ) .
The MEDYAN model has been implemented in a C + + software package which uses efficient data structures and object - oriented programming paradigms to simulate active networks with the scheme described in the earlier sections .
Our public software implementation of MEDYAN ( available at www.medyan.org ) is also versatile enough such that other active networks , biological or artificial , could be simulated with a similar level of detail in comparison to its cytoskeletal applications , including self - organizing polymeric micelles [118] , ParM polymerization mechanisms in bacterial mitosis [119] , and many types of synthetic polymer gels .
Availability and implementation : BEDTools was written in C + + .
Source code and a comprehensive user manual are freely available at http://code.google.com/p/bedtools
In an effort to address these needs , we have developed BEDTools , a fast and flexible suite of utilities for common operations on genomic features .
Here , we present a novel Python - based toolbox called HDDM ( hierarchical drift diffusion model ) , which allows fast and flexible estimation of the the drift - diffusion model and the related linear ballistic accumulator model .
HDDM requires fewer data per subject / condition than non - hierarchical methods , allows for full Bayesian data analysis , and can handle outliers in the data .
The software and documentation can be downloaded at : http://ski.clps.brown.edu/hddm_docs/
We introduce RNA - SeQC , a program which provides key measures of data quality .
RNA - SeQC allows investigators to make informed decisions about sample inclusion in downstream analysis .
Availability and implementation : See www.genepattern.org to run online , or www.broadinstitute.org/rna-seqc/ for a command line tool .
Here we present RNA - SeQC , a metrics tool with application to two domains : experiment design and process optimization ; and quality control prior to computational analysis .
Implemented in Java , RNA - SeQC is platform independent and requires no installation .
We present a method for copy number detection , implemented in the software package CNVkit , that uses both the targeted reads and the nonspecifically captured off - target reads to infer copy number evenly across the genome .
CNVkit is freely available from https://github.com/etal/cnvkit .
We implemented CNVkit as a Python 2.7 software package comprising a command - line program , cnvkit.py , and reusable library , cnvlib .
CNVkit generates several kinds of plots using the software libraries Biopython [35] , Reportlab ( http://www.reportlab.com/opensource/ ) and matplotlib ( http://matplotlib.org ) :
CNVkit source code is freely available from https://github.com/etal/cnvkit under the Apache License 2.0 ( http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 ) .
We have developed a comprehensive software tool , WholePathwayScope ( WPS ) , for deriving biological insights from analysis of HTP data .
The tool is freely available at http://www.abcc.ncifcrf.gov/wps/wps_index.php .
To facilitate the simultaneous analysis and comparison of multiple HTP experiments in the context of biological pathways and association networks , and allow pattern extraction of a selected gene list with biological themes , we developed a stand - alone , Windows - based software tool called WholePathwayScope , or WPS .
WholePathwayScope or WPS is a software tool that displays HTP data in user - defined or stored gene groups or pathways .
We have described WPS , as a new pathway - based analysis tool , that facilitates and enhances the analysis of HTP data in the context of biological pathways and networks .
" Project name : Pathway analysis tool WPS for high - throughput data ; Project home page : http://www.abcc.ncifcrf.gov/wps/wps_index.php [63] Operating system : Microsoft Window 2000 or XP Programming language : Microsoft Visual Basic 6 Other requirements : Internal databases for different species and a collection of over 1900 PathwayScopeFiles ( PSCP files for mouse ) available on web site ; Additional user - provided PSCP files and those from other sources will be made available as they are collected .
NemaFootPrinter ( Nematode Transcription Factor Scan Through Philogenetic Footprinting ) is a web - based software for interactive identification of conserved , non - exonic DNA segments in the genomes of C . elegans and C . briggsae .
" Project name : NemaFootPrinter Project home page : http://bio.ifom-firc.it/NTFootPrinter/index.html server side : UNIX type platforms client side : Any operating system Programming language : SQL , Perl , Java Other requirements : The web - based application was tested and is compatible with the more common Internet browser .
We developed a software tool , SNPdetector , for automated identification of SNPs and mutations in fluorescence - based resequencing reads .
SNPdetector was designed to model the process of human visual inspection and has a very low false positive and false negative rate .
SNPdetector runs on Unix / Linux platform and is available publicly ( http://lpg.nci.nih.gov ) .
We used SNPdetector for SNP discovery as part of the HapMap project [7] .
To compare the performance of SNPdetector with the other SNP detection programs , we reanalyzed a subset of ENCODE data ( 61 amplicons on Chromosome 18 ) using PolyPhred 5.0.2 and NovoSNP [17] ( a new SNP detection software package ) .
During the development of SNPdetector , we used the mouse resequencing data as the training dataset because heterozygotes in inbred mouse strains are almost always false positive as a result of mouse breeding history .
SNPdetector runs on Unix and Linux and is publicly available by anonymous ftp ( http://lpg.nci.nih.gov ) .
SNPdetector was implemented in C and Perl .
Herein , we present Molecular Interactions in Super Resolution ( MIiSR ) software which provides quantitative analysis tools for use with super - resolution images .
MIiSR combines multiple tools for analyzing intermolecular interactions , molecular clustering and image segmentation .
To address these limitations we have developed Molecular Interactions in Super - Resolution ( MIiSR ) , a validated set of software tools for quantifying intermolecular interactions and the formation of higher - order molecular complexes in super - resolution images .
MIiSR natively supports positions files from Leica GSD - SR Ground - State Depletion microscopes , Zeiss ELYRA PS 1 dSTORM microscopes , and any microscope running QuickPALM software [34] .
MIiSR is an open - source project licensed under the GNU General Public License and is available as S1 - MIiSR Program in this paper , with updated versions published at http://www.phagocytes.ca/miisr/ .
MIiSR works on any Linux , Windows and Macintosh computer running an appropriate version of Matlab equipped with the image processing , statistics and parallel processing toolboxes .
Here I will introduce GenomePop , a forward simulation program that fulfills the above requirements .
Here I will introduce the program GenomePop that fulfills the mentioned requirements .
" Project name : GenomePop v. 1.0 Project home page : http://webs.uvigo.es/acraaj/GenomePop.htm Operating system ( s ) : Windows and Linux ( the source will be provided to compile for Mac ) Programming language : C + + License : GNU GPL . "
We present a bioinformatics solution ( 3PD ) to support the experimentalist in detecting long - ranging intra or inter chromosomal contacts by Chromosome conformation capture ( 3C ) assays .
In summary , our software 3PD facilitates genome - wide primer design for 3C experiments in a matter of seconds .
Our software is available as a web server at : http://www.pristionchus.org/3CPrimerDesign/ .
Finally , we have introduced a web interface to our 3PD software and we have provided a runtime benchmark on real - world problem sizes .
Our software is freely available to academic users as a web server at : http://www.pristionchus.org/3CPrimerDesign/ .
" • Project name : 3C Primer Design • Project home page : http://www.pristionchus.org/3CPrimerDesign/ • Operating system ( s ) : Platform independent • Programming language : Java • Other requirements : Any web browser supporting forms • License : The web interface is freely available to academic users • Any restrictions to use by non - academics : Licence needed "
Here we introduced PSICIC as a robust and generally - applicable computational method for automating the high - resolution quantitative analysis of cellular image data .
We have thus made available the source code , software , and documentation for PSICIC ( see link at http://www.molbio1.princeton.edu/labs/gitai/ ) , and encourage others to modify , expand , and adapt the software capabilities to suit their own applications .
The original images overlaid with the cell borders identified by PSICIC were manually verified to check for false positives .
We gratefully acknowledge Sidhartha Goyal and Kerwyn Huang for helpful discussions during the development of PSICIC and Gitai lab members for their assistance with experiments .
Results : We have developed biographer , a web - based renderer and editor for reaction networks , which can be integrated as a library into tools dealing with network - related information .
Availability : The biographer tool can be used at and downloaded from the web page http://biographer.biologie.hu-berlin.de/ .
The different software packages , including a server - indepenent version as well as a web server for Windows and Linux based systems , are available at http://code.google.com/p/biographer/ under the open - source license LGPL .
In this paper , we present GINI , a machine learning system for inferring gene interaction networks from Drosophila embryonic ISH images .
GINI builds on a computer - vision - inspired vector - space representation of the spatial pattern of gene expression in ISH images , enabled by our recently developed system ; and a new multi - instance - kernel algorithm that learns a sparse Markov network model , in which , every gene ( i.e. , node ) in the network is represented by a vector - valued spatial pattern rather than a scalar - valued gene intensity as in conventional approaches such as a Gaussian graphical model .
Software for GINI is available at http://sailing.cs.cmu.edu/Drosophila_ISH_images/ ( b ) GINI extends such analysis to inferring a network from bags of images per gene .
We developed ProteoLens as a JAVA - based visual analytic software tool for creating , annotating and exploring multi - scale biological networks .
We developed ProteoLens as a new visual analytic software platform for creating , annotating and analyzing multi - scale biological networks .
In the next several sections , we first describe ProteoLens implementation and then demonstrate how it can be used to enable multi - scale biological network - based research through three case studies .
ProteoLens is a standalone software tool written in Java programming language .
" Project name : ProteoLens • Project home page : http://bio.informatics.iupui.edu/proteolens/ • Operating system ( s ) : The software is platform independent and can run anywhere Java Virtual Machine runtime is available .
An installer is provided for Windows NT / XP / 2003 / Vista users .
• Programming language : Java • Other requirements : Java Runtime Environment ( JRE ) version 1.5 or above is required .
Results : We developed LCR - eXXXplorer , an extensible online platform attempting to fill this gap .
Availability and implementation : LCR - eXXXplorer is freely available at the URL http://repeat.biol.ucy.ac.cy/lcr-exxxplorer .
In this work , we present LCR - eXXXplorer , an online service to search , visualize and share LCRs in protein sequences .
Results : We present a bioinformatics tool , termed aLFQ , which supports the commonly used absolute label - free protein abundance estimation methods ( TopN , iBAQ , APEX , NSAF and SCAMPI ) for LC - MS / MS proteomics data , together with validation algorithms enabling automated data analysis and error estimation .
aLFQ is written in R and freely available under the GPLv 3 from CRAN ( http://www.cran.r-project.org ) .
Here , we provide aLFQ , an open - source implementation of algorithms supporting the estimation of protein quantities by any of the aforementioned methods , and additionally provide automated workflows for data analysis and error estimation .
aLFQ was implemented in R as a modular S3 package .
The VBA toolbox is then used to invert a “ dynamical ” variant of the Q - learning model ( cf . section “ Reinforcement learning models of choice data ” ) , given the agent ' s sequence of choices .
In this paper , we have exposed the main algorithmic components of the VBA toolbox , which implements a probabilistic treatment of nonlinear models for neurobiological and behavioural data .
VBA ' s code is under open - source GNU General Public Licence ( v 2 ) , and is freely downloadable from the toolbox ' s internet wiki pages ( http://code.google.com/p/mbb-vb-toolbox/wiki/InstallingTheToolbox ) .
Here we introduce MAGERI , a computational pipeline that efficiently handles all caveats of UMI - based analysis to obtain high - fidelity mutation profiles and call ultra - rare variants .
Here we introduce MAGERI ( Molecular tAgged GEnome Re - sequencing pIpeline ) , a dedicated software tool that implements UMI tag extraction and processing routines , an assembly routine that groups sequencing reads tagged with the same UMI into consensuses , and consensus alignment and variant calling modules ( Fig 1 ) .
MAGERI is implemented in Java v 1.8 and is distributed as a single cross - platform executable JAR file [ https://github.com/mikessh/mageri ] .
Ensembler is free and open source software licensed under the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) v 2 .
Ensembler is written in Python , and can be used via a command - line tool ( ensembler ) or via a flexible Python API to allow integration of its components into other applications .
The Ensembler modeling pipeline comprises a series of stages which are performed in a defined order .
The code for Ensembler is hosted on the collaborative open source software development platform GitHub ( github.com / choderalab / ensembler ) .
In this paper we developed a new algorithm called ESPRIT - Forest for parallel hierarchical clustering of sequences .
The software is available at http://www.acsu.buffalo.edu/ ∼ yijunsun / lab / ESPRIT - Forest.html .
In this paper we propose a new parallel algorithm , ESPRIT - Forest , which is able to handle the problem of hierarchical clustering of tens of millions of sequences accurately , with subquadratic time and space complexity and a good scalability with respect to the number of CPUs .
The ESPRIT - Forest software is available at http://www.acsu.buffalo.edu/ ∼ yijunsun / lab / ESPRIT - Forest.html , including the source code of both MPI and OpenMP implementations with pre - compiled executable codes .
To address the need for comprehensive , fully automated , and biology - driven analyses of C . elegans swim motion , we developed the program CeleST ( C . elegans Swim Test ) , which accomplishes multi - animal tracking , measurement , and data analysis without need for investigator intervention .
CeleST can track multiple animals simultaneously ( we use 5 / drop but more are possible ) , and can import data from other trackers to score measures .
The CeleST software can be used as a platform , and with application - specific tracking methods and measures , other cellular or animal behaviors can be analyzed ( sperm mobility , zebrafish swimming , etc . ) for any application that can use video ( mating , sleeping , feeding , foraging , etc . ) .
Overall , the CeleST program constitutes an accessible and comprehensive approach for C . elegans locomotory quantitation that translates analysis of complex swimming patterns to a new level of resolution and efficiency .
Here we present PhyloGibbs - MP , an extension of PhyloGibbs in several directions that go well beyond standard motif - finding .
PhyloGibbs - MP can localise predictions to small modules , not known a priori , in large quantities of input sequence .
PhyloGibbs - MP is available at http://www.imsc.res.in/ ∼ rsidd / phylogibbs - mp / .
We present CGBayesNets , a BN package focused around prediction of a clinical phenotype from mixed discrete and continuous variables , which fills these gaps .
CGBayesNets provides a full suite of functions for model exploration and verification , including cross validation , bootstrapping , and AUC manipulation .
CGBayesNets is implemented in MATLAB and available as MATLAB source code , under an Open Source license and anonymous download at http://www.cgbayesnets.com .
CGBayesNets provides functions for making testing on multiple different datasets simple and direct .
The CGBayesNets package is available from the authors and via anonymous download from www.cgbayesnets.com.
This institutional - based cross - sectional study was carried out in Adis Zemen primary hospital from May 1 - 30 , 2018 .
Addis Zemen primary hospital is found in Adis Zemen town which is an administrative town of Libo Kemkem Wereda .
Libo Kemkem Wereda is one of the wereda which found in South Gondar Zone of Amhara regional state .
It is located 90 kilometers far from Bahirdar ( the capital city of Amhara Regional State ) and it is 656 kilometers far from Addis Ababain the north direction .
Addis zemen has a latitude and longitude of 12o 07 ’ 37o 47 ’ E / 12.117oN 37.783oE and an elevation of 1975 meters above sea level .
The town is divided into three kebelles ( the smallest unit of the woreda ) .
According to 2018 Adis Zemen town health statistics report , the estimated total population is 45 , 125 of whom 22 , 260 ( 49.3 % ) are men and 22 , 865 ( 50.7 % ) are women .
The total number of women in the reproductive age group ( 15 - 49 years ) is 14 , 843 which accounts for 32.9 % of the total town population .
The town has one district hospital , one health center and two private clinics .
Adis Zemen Hospital established in 2015 with a total of 91 staffs and currently , the hospital has a total of 236 staff [31] .
All pregnant women who attended antenatal clinics of the Adis Zemen Hospital were the source of population and all pregnant women who attended antenatal clinics of the Adis Zemen Hospital during the study period were the study population .
All pregnant women who attended antenatal clinics of the Adis Zemen Hospital during the study period and who were voluntary to participate were included in the study whereas ; all pregnant women who attended antenatal clinics of the Adis Zemen Hospital for the second time during the study period were excluded from the study .
Sample size determination and sampling procedure : The required sample size was calculated using single population proportion formula ; n = ( Z α / 2 ) 2p ( 1 - p ) / / d2 where ; n is the required sample size , Za / 2 is the value of standard score at 95 % confidence interval , p is the expected proportion of knowledge , and d2 is marginal error .
And the following assumptions were used inorder to calculate the required sample size ; 17.7 % population proportion of malaria knowledge [25] , 95 % confidence interval , marginal error of 5 % and 5 % non - response rate .
So the final sample size was 236 and those sampled participants were selected by systematic sampling technique .
Since the data were collected for a one month period , the sampling interval was calculated by dividing the total number of client flows within one month by sample size .
The average client flow for ANC clinic was 539 per month .
Finally , the Kth value was found to be 2.3 ( 539 / 236 ) and every 2nd woman was interviewed .
Data collection tools and techniques : For the purpose of data collection , interviewer - administered questionnaire was adopted from differentliteratures .
The questionnaire was prepared originally in English which had three parts like socio - demographic , and knowledge and utilization parts .
The questionnaire was translated to the local language , Amharic for the purpose of data collection and it was translated back to English again for consistency .
Before the actual data collection , pre - test was made on 5 % of the total sample size of the respondent ’ s in Addis Zemen health centre .
The data were collected via face to face interview by two diploma holder midwives under the guidance of one BSc midwife supervisor before the women receiving the care in waiting room .
Two days of training about data collection procedures and research ethics was given for data collectors and supervisors .
The data collection process was closely supervised on a daily basis and prompt feedback was given timely .
Regular manual check - up for completeness and consistency was made .
The dependent variable of this study was women ’ s knowledge ( poor / good knowledge ) and the independent variables of this study were socio - demographic characteristics like age , religion , ethnicity , residence , occupation , marital status , monthly income , educational status , and means of communication .
Knowledge on malaria ; was assessed by using 5 malaria knowledge related questions .
Questions used to assess the knowledge were ; 1 ) what is the causes of malaria ? 2 ) what are the sign and symptoms of malaria ?
3 ) What is the mode of transmission of malaria ?
4 ) what is the complication of malaria on pregnancy ?
5 ) what are the prevention mechanism of malaria ? .
The first question ( what is the causes of malaria ? ) had only 1 correct answer wheras the rest had multiples answer .
Each multiples answer which was correct were considered as one point and coded 1 whereas incorrect answers were coded 0 .
Finally women ’ s knowledge on malaria was masured based on 22 points of 5 questions and dichotomized in to two ; - Good Knowledge - those who scored more than 60 % of correct response for Knowledge related questions [24] .
- Poor Knowledge - those who scored less than 60 % of correct response for Knowledge related questions [24] .
The collected data were coded and entered into epidata software version 3.1 and exported to SPSS V - 20 for analysis .
The collected data were presented by frequency and percentage using tables , bar and pie charts .
Mean and standard deviation was computed for numerical variables .
To see the association between dependent and independent variables , binary and multivariate logistic regressions were used at 95 % confidence interval .
To control confounding factors , variable having a P value of < 0.25 in binary logistic regression were transferred into multivariate logistic regression .
After controlling confoundings , variables which had a P value of < 0.05 were treated as predictor variables of knowledge .
The direction and strength of association were determined based on adjusted odds ratio .
The ethical clearance of this study was approved by an instituttional review board of Debre Tabor University .
Before data collection , informed verbal consent was obtained from every respondent .
Participants were informed about the purpose of study and their full right not to be interviewed at all or at any time .
Participants were also informed that there was no direct benefit they gain in participating in this research .
Confidentiality of participants was ensured through by keeping the information confidential , not including address and name of the respondents .
Twenty participants ( 10 female , mean age = 26.0 , SD = 11.2 ) volunteered for the present study .
All participants were free of memory problems and uncorrected vision problems .
Participants were randomly assigned to one of two age - and sex - matched groups : the experimental group ( 5 female , mean age = 27.3 , SD = 11.2 ) or the control group ( 5 female , mean age = 24.8 , SD = 11.7 ) .
These groups were exposed to two different training conditions , which are illustrated in Figure 1 for the eye exercise group and in Figure 2 for the control group .
Figure data removed from full text .
Figure identifier and caption : 10.1371/journal.pone.0059244.g001 Experimental design for the eye exercise group .
Following a 10 minute RSVP task , subjects in the eye exercise group were instructed to follow a moving box on the screen , effectively performing numerous saccadic eye movements , before being assessed in a second RSVP task .
Figure data removed from full text .
Figure identifier and caption : 10.1371/journal.pone.0059244.g002 Experimental design for the control group .
Following a 10 minute RSVP task , subjects were asked to fixate on a movie clip presented in a very small box on the screen , effectively performing a very limited amount of eye movements , before being assessed in a second RSVP task .
The present study was approved by the York University Human Subjects Review Board and conducted in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki .
All participants provided signed consent prior to taking part in the study , and were free to withdraw at any time with no consequences .
Rapid Serial Visual Presentation ( RSVP ) : For both eye exercise and control groups , participants were assessed using RSVP before and after their respective training conditions .
In RSVP , all 26 letters of the English alphabet are randomly presented in either black ( RGB : 0 , 0 , 0 ) or white ( RGB : 255 , 255 , 255 ) within a 30 × 30 pixel grey box ( RGB : 128 , 128 , 128 ) at the center of the screen .
Black letters are non - target letters while white letters represent the target to which subjects responded by button press on a computer keyboard .
Each letter is presented for 33 ms followed by a 50 ms blank box .
A trial starts with the presentation of 5 to 10 non - target letters followed by a target letter .
Following presentation of the first target letter , another 0 to 4 non - target letters are shown before the next target letter .
Either 2 or 3 target letters are shown per session before concluding with 14 non - target letters .
This sequence is repeated a total of 10 times to constitute one trial .
Our subjects were exposed to 12 trials in total .
Our RSVP task replicates the one used by Joseph and colleagues [32] , except our paradigm includes second and third additional target letters that are randomly presented in the trials within each session .
This was meant to ensure that each session randomly presented 2 or 3 target letters and participants were unable to predict how many times they were required to respond .
The total experiment consists of 12 trials , each consisting of 10 sessions ( 1 session = 5 − 10 non target , target , [ 0 - 4 non target , target ] × 1 or 2 randomized , 14 non target ) ( Figure 3 ) .
Total time for the entire experiment of the modified RSVP task is approximately 10 minutes .
We were interested in measuring three aspects of subjects ’ performance in the RSVP task : reaction time to responding to target letters , accuracy in responding to target letters , and accuracy in identifying the final target letter in every tenth session .
Figure data removed from full text .
Figure identifier and caption : 10.1371/journal.pone.0059244.g003 Experimental paradigm for the modified RSVP task .
All letters were presented at central fixation , with target letters appearing in white and non - target letters appearing in black font .
Expanding upon the RSVP task presented by Joseph et al . [32] we incorporated an instruction to identify the target letters observed during every tenth session .
Participants were prompted by an instructional screen to indicate the letters presented , and were given extra time ( 15 sec ) to indicate the letters using the computer keyboard .
The purpose of this evaluation was to determine whether eye exercise facilitated improvements in visual working memory as measured by letter identification , and specifically , with the number of correct responses .
Overall , letter identification was required 12 times , once after the final session of every trial ( Figure 3 ) .
The experimental condition had ten participants perform an active eye exercise task , which involved following a white square on a black background through a series of paths described as follows .
The participants were expected to make saccadic eye movements while following the square through a course of 5 horizontal figure eights , 5 large rectangles outlining the edge of the screen , 5 vertical figure eights and 5 small rectangular paths .
This cycle was repeated 4 times .
The square would move to a new position every 150 ms .
The duration of the eye exercises was 18.5 minutes .
Overall , following the square would have resulted in the performance of 7,740 saccadic eye movements , thus maximizing the amount of eye movements performed .
The eyes of the subjects were observed by the experimenter during the entire task to ensure that subjects were actively participating in the task .
All subjects complied with the instructions and were included in the analysis .
The control group had a training condition that intended to minimize the amount of eye movements , or exercise , that the participants engaged in .
As such , the control task involved participants ’ passive observation of an 18.5 - minute clip of a movie ( Shrek 3 ) without sound .
This clip was displayed within a 50 × 50 pixel sized box surrounded by a white screen .
The dimensions were purposefully small to minimize saccadic eye movements .
Any changes found in the control group were expected to be due to effects of the RSVP task and thus can be used to factor out the practice effects from the experimental group .
The eyes of the subjects were observed by the experimenter to ensure that the subjects were actively participating in the task .
The study was approved by the local ethics committee of the Faculty of Psychological and Educational Sciences of Ghent University .
Participants signed an informed consent .
Twenty - five adults with ADHD between 19 and 37 years old ( 12 males ) participated in this study .
Data of one male participant were excluded because of the use of physical manipulations during the heartbeat perception task ( see heartbeat perception task below ) .
The results of the remaining 24 participants are reported ( mean age : M = 23.46 ( SD = 4.48 ) , 12 males , one left - handed ) .
The control group consisted of 23 typically developed adults , matched on age and sex ( mean age : M = 23.57 ( SD = 3.17 ) , 13 males , four left - handed ) .
Groups did not differ for age ( F ( 1 , 45 ) = 0.01 , p = .926 ) or sex ratio ( χ 2 ( 1 ) = 0.20 , p = .654 ) .
The difference in IQ ( controls : M = 111 ( SD = 12 ) ; ADHD : M = 104 ( SD = 13 ) between groups was marginally significant ( F ( 1 , 45 ) = 3.99 , p = .052 ) .
Individuals with ADHD were recruited through staff members , advertisements , self - support groups for ADHD , and a local database ( adults with ADHD who participated in previous research ) .
All adults with ADHD had a formal diagnosis established by a psychiatrist and completed a semi - structured clinical interview ( DIVA , Diagnostisch Interview Voor ADHD bij Volwassenen 2.0 ) [46] .
Adults with ADHD using stimulants ( methylphenidate : MPH ) were asked to stop this medication 48 hours prior to participation in the experiment .
Seven participants with ADHD reported using MPH regularly , 12 only occasionally ( e.g. for studying exams ) , 4 used it in the past but not anymore , and 1 person reported to never have used stimulants .
Part of the controls were recruited via an online platform , called Experimetrix , at Ghent University , which is an online experiment scheduling system for students .
Further for recruitment of controls and adults with ADHD , advertisements were placed on the website of ZitSTil , the Flemish knowledge and expertise centre for ADHD , and on online forums of popular magazines .
Exclusion criteria for all participants were an estimated IQ below 80 , history of brain - related illness or neurological disorder and a clinical diagnosis of depression or ASD .
To asses IQ , both groups completed an abbreviated version [47] of the WAIS - IV ( Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale - IV ) [48] , except for the individuals with ADHD who were recruited through the local database since they had already completed the same abbreviated version of the WAIS - III in a previous study .
Further , control participants had to score below clinical cut - offs in the attentive and hyperactive / impulsive domain , as evaluated by the Zelfrapportage Vragenlijst voor Aandachtsproblemen en Hyperactiviteit ( ZVAH ) [49] , gauging presence of childhood or adulthood ADHD , in order to be included in the study .
In the ADHD group , 15 individuals exceeded the cutoff ( > 46 ) of the Wechsler Utah Rating Scale ( WURS ) [50] , a measure of presence of childhood ADHD , while no control participants exceeded the cutoff ( controls : M = 16.7 ( SD = 7.6 ) ; ADHD : M = 50.4 ( SD = 13.5 ) .
In the ADHD group , according to the ZVAH , presence of childhood ADHD was confirmed for 20 participants ( cutoff 6 ; 8 ADHD predominantly inattention , 12 ADHD combined subtype ) , while ADHD in adulthood was confirmed in 21 participants ( cutoff 4 ; 7 ADHD predominantly inattention , 14 ADHD combined subtype ) .
The scores on the Adult Self - Report ( ASR ) [51] revealed , not surprisingly , that the adult ADHD group scored significantly higher on the DSM oriented ADHD scale than the control group ( F ( 1 , 45 ) = 42.19 , p < .001 ) ( controls : M = 55.7 ( SD = 6.7 ) ; ADHD : M = 74.3 ( SD = 12.0 ) ) .
Data on substance abuse , depression and anxiety were also collected via the ASR .
No difference in substance abuse , as measured with the DSM oriented scale of the ASR , was observed between groups ( F ( 1 , 45 ) = 0.25 , p = .620 ) ( controls : M = 56.0 ( SD = 6.9 ) ; ADHD : M = 56.9 ( SD = 5.7 ) ) .
The ADHD group scored significantly higher on the DSM oriented depression scale of the ASR compared to the control group ( F ( 1 , 45 ) = 12.55 , p = .001 ) ( controls : M = 52.7 ( SD = 3.7 ) ; ADHD : M = 59.8 ( SD = 9.0 ) ) , while the group difference on the anxiety scale did not reach significance ( F ( 1 , 45 ) = 2.89 , p = 0.10 ) ( controls : M = 53.1 ( SD = 5.0 ) ; ADHD : M = 55.8 ( SD = 6.0 ) ) .
Several factors that have previously been shown to affect IA and could confound the results were assessed .
First , both anxiety and depression have been shown to be ( differently ) related to IA [52-54] .
As mentioned , adults with ADHD scored higher on depression symptoms , but no difference in anxiety symptoms was noticed .
Second , alexithymia , which reflects difficulty in identifying and describing feelings and is characterized by externally oriented thinking , has been shown to be negatively correlated with IA [55] .
Alexithymia was measured with the Toronto Alexithymia Scale ( TAS - 20 ) [56] .
The ADHD group scored significantly higher on the TAS - 20 in comparison to the control group ( F ( 1 , 45 ) = 7.93 , p = .007 ) ( controls : M = 40.1 ( SD = 7.0 ) ; ADHD : M = 48.6 ( SD = 12.7 ) ) .
The Mental Tracking Method [41] , a well - validated task with good psychometric values [57] and repeatedly used to measure IA [ 10 , 16 , 18 , 22 ] , was chosen as an objective measure of IA .
The heartbeat perception task was programmed using E - Prime 2.0 software ( http://www.pstnet.com/products/e-prime/ ) and presented on a 19 - inch CRT monitor with 640x 480 screen resolution and a 60 Hz refresh rate .
All sessions took place during daytime for all participants .
In accord with earlier studies using the Mental Tracking method [16,22,41] , participants were instructed to focus on their own cardiac activity and silently count the number of heartbeats during three separate intervals .
There were three different intervals ( 25s , 35s , 45s ) and the order of presentation of these three intervals was random .
Participants were explained beforehand that there would be three intervals during which they had to silently count their own heartbeats .
The length of the intervals was not communicated to the participants .
They were explained that an interval was indicated by a start and stop tone ( coming from the PC speaker ) corresponding with the beginning and end of an interval , and that they had to verbally report the number of counted heartbeats .
Every trial started with a question on the screen , asking whether participants were ready .
After this prompt , the start sound was presented together with a blank screen .
After the stop signal , participants verbally reported the number of counted heartbeats during a resting period of 30 s , after which the prompt of the following interval was presented anew .
The reported number was written down by the experimenter out of view of the participant .
Participants did not receive feedback on their performance .
Importantly , participants were instructed not to use physical manipulations ( e.g. taking their pulse ) to ease the counting and the experimenter monitored the participants through a camera .
A heartbeat perception score was derived in keeping with previous studies [16,22,41] : per interval a difference score of the number of recorded and counted heartbeats was calculated .
These difference scores were then divided by the number of recorded heartbeats , subtracted from 1 , summed and averaged by the number of intervals .
Due to this formula : 1 / 3 Σ ( 1 - ( | recorded heartbeats - counted heartbeats | ) / recorded heartbeats ) , the heartbeat perception score could vary between 0 and 1 , with higher scores indicating higher IA and thus a small difference between counted and recorded heartbeats .
The heartbeat perception task was administered twice , at the beginning and end of the total testing session ( see procedure for details ) .
A mean heartbeat perception score was calculated by summing both heartbeat perception scores ( acquired at the beginning and end of the testing session ) , and dividing that sum by two ( hence based on in total 6 heartbeat counting intervals ) .
The electrocardiogram was recorded via two external electrodes from the Biosemi ActiveTwo system ( Biosemi , Amsterdam , The Netherlands ) ; one electrode was placed on the left lower rib cage and one electrode was placed on the left upper rib cage .
R - waves were counted offline by means of a custom - made R - top algorithm in Brain Vision Analyzer 2 software .
Participants completed the Dutch translation of the BPQ [42] , a subjective self - report measure of IA .
We used an official back - translated version , approved by the authors of the original BPQ ( translated version by Godefroid , Dhar & Wiersema , available at stevenporges.com ) .
This questionnaire consists of four different subscales with a total of 96 items .
The subscale of interest for our study was the awareness subscale , which consists of 45 items ( Cronbach ’ s α : .97 for both groups ) , questioning how aware participants are of their autonomic signals ( e.g. , swallowing frequently , how hard my heart is beating ) .
Research has shown good reliability and validity measures for the awareness scale [45] .
Although this subscale was of main interest for our study , the other subscales ( stress response ; reactivity of the autonomic nervous system ; stress style ) of the BPQ were included to check for specificity .
Items are rated on a five - point Likert scale , ranging from 1 ( never ) to 5 ( always ) .
The mean score of each subscale was obtained by summing all responses and dividing the sum by the number of items in the subscale .
Participants were seated in a sound - attenuated and dimly lit room , sitting approximately 60 cm in front of the computer screen .
Each participant signed an informed consent prior to participation in the experiment and received monetary compensation for their participation .
Then participants were explained about the tasks that would follow .
This study was part of a larger experimental set - up .
Two other behavioral tasks with a total duration of 50 min were administered in between both administrations of the heartbeat perception task ; the results of these tasks will be reported elsewhere .
Verbal as well as written instructions were given prior to the start of each task .
This study was approved by the local ethics committee .
ANOVAs with group ( ADHD vs . control ) as between - subjects factor were performed to compare performance between groups on the heartbeat perception task , and the subjective measure of IA as indexed by the mean score of the awareness subscale of the BPQ .
To check for specificity , we also performed ANOVAs on the mean scores of the other subscales of the BPQ .
Finally , links between the IA indices and symptoms of anxiety , depression , and alexithymia were explored by additional correlational analyses .
Study individuals were taken from a mass colony of D . punctata maintained in laboratory conditions for over ten years .
This colony was initially set up using individuals from three source populations and numbers have been maintained at a minimum population level of 200 individuals throughout this time , thus minimising the risk of inbreeding .
These colonies were kept in an incubator at 24.5 ° c with a 12 : 12 light : dark cycle in plastic tanks approximately 33 x 26 x 19 cm , with ventilation provided in the lid .
These cockroaches were allowed to feed ad libitum on Lidl ’ s “ Orlando complete ” dog biscuits and were given a constant supply of fresh water .
Breeding and housing of focal individuals : Seventy - four nymphs were removed from their parents within 48 hours of hatching ; these were from 17 different families ( X + SD = 4.4 ± 2.0 nymphs per family ) .
These nymphs were then housed separately from each other in one of three social environments , as part of another experiment ; these were either in isolation , with a nymph companion or with an adult companion .
Family and social environment were later considered in statistical analyses as factors potentially affecting behavioural consistency ( see Statistical Analyses section ) .
Housing consisted of transparent plastic containers of dimensions 11.5 x 11.5 x 6cm with air holes providing ventilation .
Water was provided by Falcon tubes filled with water and plugged with soaked cotton wool .
Water tubes were replaced as required .
Nymphs were allowed to feed ad libitum on a 1 : 1 mixture of Aquarian fish flakes and Lidl ’ s “ Orlando complete ” dog biscuits .
All moults were recorded until the focal individuals reached adulthood ( when wings are present ) .
Upon reaching adulthood , individuals were photographed and their head width and pronotum width measured to the nearest 0.01cm using ImageJ 1.48 [45] , with sex being determined by examination of the sexually dimorphic subgenital plates .
Photographs were taken under standardized conditions ; adults were placed in a petri dish on a white paper background with consistent background lighting .
A ruler was placed next to the dish and included in the photograph to allow scale to be determined using the software .
The accuracy of measurements was ascertained by ten adults being measured three times each and a repeatability analysis carried out in JMP ( SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , North Carolina ) .
This gave a repeatability of 94.2 % for head measurements and 97.4 % for pronotum measurements .
Since head and pronotum width were significantly correlated ( Pearson ’ s correlation : rp = 0.670 , N = 60 , P < 0.001 ) , pronotum width was selected as the single measure of size due to its higher level of repeatability .
Seventy - four individuals were tested in total ; 24 were tested twice as third instar nymphs ( 10 males , 12 females , 2 unknown - died prior to reaching adulthood ) and 65 as adults ( 29 males , 36 females ) to explore differential consistency in behaviour within life stages .
Since 19 individuals ( 7 males , 12 females ) were tested both as juveniles and adults , these individuals alone were used to test for differential consistency of behavioural traits across life stages .
The number of individuals tested at the third instar stage was limited by time constraints , mortality and inter - moult intervals , as has occurred in similar studies ( e.g. [26] ) .
Since the number of moults to adulthood varies between sexes and among individuals in D . punctata [36] , we chose to test juveniles at the third instar stage since a minimum of three moults occurs in both sexes [36] .
Individuals were not tested as fourth or fifth instars as only a small proportion go through these stages ( usually females , [36] .
A gap of X + SD = 32.8 + 10.8 days , N = 19 occurred between the second trial as a third instar and the first trial as an adult ( lifespan of D . punctata is around 423 days [42] , ) .
For both life stages , each individual was tested twice with a gap of three to seven days between testing so that differential consistency within each life stage could be established .
Three potential personality traits , boldness , exploration and sociality , were explored across three behavioural assays : the exploration arena , social arena and startle test .
The order of testing was randomly assigned to each individual and its effects later considered ( see Statistical Analyses section ) .
i .
We used methods similar to those used for B . germanica [37] : a modified adaptation of the open field test ( used to quantify exploration [46] , ) with an emergence test component used as a measure of boldness [28] .
The individual was removed from its normal housing and placed in an opaque perspex tube approximately 4cm in length and 3cm in diameter with both ends temporarily sealed ( using petri dish lids as barriers ) and left for three minutes to acclimatise .
This tube was placed in sector B of an “ exploration arena ” prior to this acclimatisation time , with its temporarily sealed ends facing sectors A and C ( Fig 1 ) .
The exploration arena was a 21x 30cm plastic tray with a depth of 8cm .
This contained a piece of A4 paper that divided the arena into 12 sectors ( labelled A to L , Fig 1 ) ; these delimited distinct geographical areas of the arena e.g. corners , sides , and central portions .
An empty oval - shaped plastic dish ( dimensions approximately 4x 3cm with a depth of 2cm ) was placed in sector K .
After the acclimatisation period , the barriers were removed and timing began .
Figure data removed from full text .
Figure identifier and caption : 10.1371/journal.pone.0176564.g001 Diagram of testing arena .
This illustrates the arena used in the exploration trial during behavioural testing in Diploptera punctata .
A piece of A4 paper lined the bottom of the arena to mark the borders of sectors A to L ; this was replaced for each new individual tested .
Vaseline was applied to the sides of the arena above the paper to prevent cockroaches from climbing up the sides ; the depth of the arena was approximately 8cm .
The focal individual was introduced to the arena via an opaque tube placed in sector B .
Sector K contained an empty plastic dish .
We recorded when i ) the head and ii ) the entire body emerged from the tube and iii ) when the focal individual crossed the centre line ( separating sectors D - F and G - I ) .
We also recorded the number of novel sectors explored within ten minutes .
When either all sectors had been explored or ten minutes had elapsed , the experiment was terminated .
If all twelve sectors were explored , the time at which the focal individual entered the last novel sector was recorded .
The paper grid was replaced between individuals since aggregation of pheromones , present in faeces , may influence cockroach movement [ 47 , 48 ] . ii .
This arena was identical to the exploration arena ( Fig 1 ) except the plastic dish was replaced by a cotton net bag containing three adults randomly selected from the colony population ( but ensuring both sexes were represented ) .
The bag measured approximately 10 x 8 cm when flat ( with an expanded volume of approximately 100cm 3 ) and allowed individuals to move around the restricted space ; antennal contact with the focal individual was also possible .
Following three minutes of acclimatisation for the focal individual in the Perspex tube , timing began when the barriers sealing the plastic tube were removed .
We recorded the time at which the focal individual first entered the sector containing conspecifics ( latency to reach conspecifics ) , the latency to make antennal contact with conspecifics and subsequent times when the focal individual both left and entered this sector , allowing the total time spent in the sector containing conspecifics to be calculated .
The experiment was terminated after ten minutes .
If , after five minutes , the individual had not left the tube ( which occurred in 21 % of trials ) , we moved it to sector H , on the border of sector K ; we rotated the tube by 90 degrees to ensure the individual within the tube was now facing the conspecifics .
This was carried out to allow less bold or explorative individuals the opportunity to show social behaviour ; these individuals may otherwise not leave the tube at all during the experiment hence would be scored low in terms of sociality as an artefact of their reduced boldness levels .
The initial five minutes when these individuals did not leave the tube were included in the latency to both reach conspecifics and make antennal contact . iii .
Using a methodology similar to that used for G . portentosa [40] , an alternative emergence test to assay boldness was used to quantify an individual ’ s reaction to sudden exposure to light .
The focal individual was placed in a 9cm diameter petri dish with an opaque lid and allowed to acclimatise for three minutes .
Timing began when the lid was suddenly removed , exposing the focal individual to bright light .
The times at which the individual first moved its i ) antennae , ii ) head and iii ) initiated locomotion were recorded .
Across all three assays , each behavioural measure recorded was assigned to a particular personality trait based upon results from previous personality work in cockroaches [ 37 , 40 ] , with boldness being measured across two contexts ( Table 1 ) .
Table data removed from full text .
Table identifier and caption : 10.1371/journal.pone.0176564.t001 Personality trait measurement .
Measures used to assay each personality trait in Diploptera punctata across three behavioural assays .
i .
Differential consistency within and across life stages : In the exploration assay , 23 of 65 individuals never left their tubes in at least one trial ; they were assigned a latency to leave the tube value of “ 601 ” if the event in question ( head or body leaving tube , crossing centre line ) never occurred .
Since non - parametric correlations were later carried out , these individuals were therefore assigned the highest latency rank .
In the social assay , again , 21 individuals never left their tubes at all in at least one trial , despite being moved after five minutes to within sight of the conspecifics .
These were also assigned a value of 601 for each relevant latency ( either to reach conspecifics or to touch antennae with conspecifics ) .
In order to test for differential consistency in each trait within each life stage , a composite measure was calculated for each separate personality trait to reduce the number of variables and hence enable a more powerful test .
We collapsed the individual measures used for each personality trait into the first principal component ( PC ) score for each individual in the statistical package JMP , including scores from each trial for each individual .
We then tested for a significant correlation between the two trials ’ ranked PC scores for each individual by carrying out Spearman ’ s rank correlations in SPSS .
To test for differential consistency in personality traits across life stages , we again calculated PC scores for each personality trait for both life stages separately in the 19 individuals where these data were available ; we calculated the mean latency for the two trials for each individual at each life stage then entered these means into the PC analysis .
We again implemented a Spearman ’ s rank correlation to test for consistency within individuals .
This combination of principle component analysis ( PCA ) and Spearman ’ s rank correlation tests was also used to show consistency in personality across metamorphosis in an anuran [23] .
Since D . punctata are sexually dimorphic , sex differences in behaviour may occur .
Males and females were therefore initially analysed separately , following the procedure outlined above .
Further analyses were then carried out on pooled data where the direction of correlations was consistent between the sexes ( S1 Appendix ) .
We repeated the correlations for the sociality assay excluding all individuals that were moved after five minutes of not leaving the tube to exclude the possibility that this practice was affecting results .
Additionally , since the order of testing could affect the likelihood that individuals might leave the tube during the social assay ( for example , if they had already experienced an experimental arena , this might affect their likelihood to leave the tube ) and hence the measures used to assess sociality , a chi - squared test was carried out to examine whether order of testing had an effect on whether or not an individual left the tube during the social trial . ii .
To test for age effects on the magnitude of individual behavioural measures between nymphs and adults , the difference between mean values obtained in trials at each life stage was calculated for each of the 19 individuals tested at both stages and a Wilcoxon signed - rank test was applied to test whether these differences significantly differed from zero .
This allowed a non - parametric comparison between these repeats within individuals across life stages .
Principal component scores were not used as the aim was to test for changes in the raw behavioural scores measured for each individual between life stages .
Data were initially plotted for each sex separately to ensure there was not a consistent difference in the magnitude of the response between the sexes before these were pooled ( S1 Appendix ) .
If a difference was observed , each sex was analysed separately .
This applied to three measures : latency to reach conspecifics , total time spent with conspecifics and total time taken to explore all sectors . iii .
Context generality & behavioural syndromes : Context generality in boldness was tested for by carrying out Spearman ’ s rank correlations between pairs of boldness measures taken in independent behavioural assays for both juveniles and adults .
The context differed between assays since in the exploration arena , boldness was measured in terms of the latency for an individual to choose to leave a shelter , whereas in the startle test , boldness was measured in terms of the latency to move following sudden exposure to bright light by removal of the shelter .
Spearman ’ s correlations were carried out between thirteen pairs of individual measures quantifying different personality traits in different trials to test for the presence of behavioural syndromes in D . punctata .
Pairings of measures quantifying different traits but collected in the same assay ( e.g. exploration arena - latency for head to emerge from tube and latency to cross centre line ) were excluded as they lacked independence .
Since fewer measures were compared , the principal components approach was not necessary .
Analyses were carried out for both nymphs and adults separately in order to determine whether any behavioural syndromes present persist across life stages ( hence to test for structural consistency [21] , ) .
Since the sociality measure “ total time with conspecifics ” could be dependent upon the latency to reach conspecifics ( measured independently in the exploration assay ) , a lack of a correlation between these two measures could be used to justify these measures ’ independence . iv .
Effects of sex , size , social environment & order of testing : To test for sex and size effects on adult personality , a mixed models approach was used to also incorporate potential effects of order of testing , social environment and family .
A linear mixed - effects model was built for each adult personality dimension with its PC score as the response variable .
A square root transformation was applied to normalise boldness PC scores prior to analysis , whilst exploration and sociality PCs were ranked for use in non - parametric analysis due to their non - conformity to any distribution .
Standard data exploration procedures were carried out to ensure all data met the assumptions of the models [49] .
Sex , order of testing , social environment and pronotum width were included as fixed factors , with family ( brood ) included as a random effect .
Models were built in the R environment [50] using the nlme package [51] .
Directionality of loading of each measure for each PC was used to interpret any significant effects .
All tests were two - tailed and the significance level was set at α = 0.05 .
P - values were corrected for multiple comparisons for each factor within each dataset by carrying out sequential Bonferroni corrections [52] .
We did not observe any adverse effects from the behavioural experiments conducted .
The minimal number of individuals necessary to test the hypotheses was used and all animals were returned to the mass colony following final behavioural testing .
Environmental enrichment ( cardboard “ egg boxes ” to provide shelter and a more stimulating environment ) was used in mass colonies , with small opaque plastic tubes being provided for developing nymphs as shelter .
Dataset .
We compiled a dataset of 330 protein domains involving 370 domain - domain interactions from the database provided by Itzhaki et al . [4] This database was obtained by mapping structurally derived domain - domain interactions onto the cellular protein - protein interaction network of five different organisms ( Escherichia coli , Saccharomyces cerevisiae , Caenorhabditis elegans , Drosophila melanogaster , and Homo sapiens ) .
Our initial dataset contained all single - chain domains with representative structures of domain - domain interactions in the iPfam database [41] .
Using multiple sequence alignments provided by iPfam , we mapped all the binding sites of each domain onto its representative structure ( Table S1 ) .
We selected only binding sites containing at least 80 % of their residues within the representative domain structures .
All structure images were created using DS ViewerPro 6.0 [42] .
Network analysis of domain structures .
Residues i and j were considered to be in contact if at least one atom corresponding to residue i was at a distance of less than or equal to 5 A from an atom from residue j .
This value approximates the upper limit for attractive London - van der Waals forces [43] .
We modeled the PDB structures of the representative domains as graphs , with residues corresponding to vertices , and their contacts to edges .
These networks were subsequently decomposed into modules using the edge - betweenness clustering algorithm proposed by Girvan and Newman [21,28] , based on the iterative removal of edges with the highest number of paths running through it ( see also Figure S3 ) .
We used the parallel implementation PEBC ( parallel edge - betweenness clustering ) [44] of the algorithm .
We used the previously introduced expression for the modularity of each module m [20] : where L is the number of edges in the network , lm is the number of edges between nodes in module m , and dm is the sum of the degrees of nodes in module m .
Modules with higher Qm contain many within - module edges , whereas random partitions of the network have an expected value of Qm = 0 .
Binding site analysis .
Binding site clustering .
In order to detect whether a domain is interacting with different domains using non - overlapping binding sites , we clustered the list of binding sites corresponding to each domain in the dataset .
First , we defined a distance matrix for all pairs of binding sites as : where ni and nj are the number of residues in binding sites i and j that have contacts with the other binding sites j and i , respectively .
Ni and Nj are the total number of residues belonging to each binding site .
Two binding sites i and j were considered as non - overlapping if C ( i , j ) < 0.7 .
Our clustering protocol was based on the hierarchical agglomerative clustering algorithm ( see also Figure S4 ) , defined as follows : ( 1 ) find the closest pair of binding sites in the distance matrix ; ( 2 ) merge these two binding sites into a new single binding site if the distance between them is C ( i , j ) < 0.7 ; and ( 3 ) compute the distance matrix for the new reduced list of binding sites .
The clustering process terminates when the distances between all pairs of binding sites are above the threshold , obtaining a set of mutually non - overlapping binding sites in the domain .
Relative interface between binding sites .
We defined the relative interface between two binding sites as in Equation 2 .
This parameter represents the averaged proportion of binding site contacting residues , and is a measure of closeness between these binding sites .
C ( i , j ) varies from 0 to 1 .
Values close to 0 imply a small relative interface , indicating a clear structural separation between both binding sites , whereas values close to 1 appear when almost all residues in both binding sites are on the interface , illustrating their proximity .
Similarity of binding site modular compositions .
We defined for each binding site j a vector mj representing its modular composition as follows : where mjk is the number of residues of binding site j in module k ; and M is the total number of modules in which the domain has been decomposed .
The modular composition similarity between two binding sites i and j is defined as the uncentered Pearson correlation coefficient between their respective vectors of modular composition : where , and are the Euclidean norms of vector i and j , respectively .
M ( i , j ) varies from 0 to 1 .
Values close to 0 show significant differences in the modular compositions of each binding site , whereas values close to 1 correspond to binding sites with almost identical modular compositions .
Evaluation of performance .
Random generation of binding sites .
To test the statistical significance of our studies , we generated a list of random binding sites for each domain , keeping the same number and size of the original binding sites .
The random binding sites were generated in the following way : ( 1 ) we randomly selected one of the residues in each binding site as the seed residue for the new binding site ; and ( 2 ) we iteratively added more random neighbors to the new binding site until the number of residues on it equaled the size of the original binding site .
In the case of domains with more than one binding site , we checked that all pairs of binding sites in the corresponding list verified C ( i , j ) < 0.7 ; otherwise , the random generation of binding sites for this domain was repeated until such condition was reached .
We generated 500 random realizations for each binding site of each domain of our dataset .
Accuracy and coverage .
The accuracy and coverage for the prediction methods were defined as : where TP , FP , and FN are the number of true positives , false positives , and false negatives , respectively .
Conservation analysis .
Residue conservation scores were determined for each representative domain structure from the ConSurf - HSSP database [45] .
A residue was considered as conserved if its score was greater or equal to 9 .
Patch analysis .
Predictions of surface patches for the representative domain structures were determined from the SHARP 2 server [46] .
We considered the best three predicted overlapping patches .
We used the data of all women who delivered at the Kasturba Maternity Hospital ( KMH ) , a hospital managed by SEWA Rural , a voluntary , not - for - profit organization .
KMH has been providing maternal and neonatal health services in this area since 1980 along with community - based services in surrounding areas [24] .
The hospital functions in Jhagadia block of Bharuch in the western Indian state of Gujarat .
The total population of Jhagadia block is around 185,000 , of which 70 % is tribal [11] .
The hospital provides free clinical services to pregnant women and newborns .
The hospital works as a first referral unit and is the largest provider of maternal health care in the Bharuch district and nearby areas .
The study is based on secondary analyses of data which was primarily collected for delivery and monitoring of services at the hospital .
The data is part of the hospital program to provide quality health services to the remote and tribal areas of Gujarat .
The ethical approval for the use of this data has been obtained from SEWA Rural Institutional Ethics Committee ( IEC ) .
The SEWA Rural IEC reviewed this data and allowed its use for analyses and publication .
The IEC have also waived the need for the informed consent of the patient , given that the anonymity of the patient will be maintained .
Any personal information of the patient was removed from the datasets before analysis .
We used the data of all women who delivered at the Kasturba Maternity Hospital ( KMH ) , a hospital managed by SEWA Rural , a voluntary , not - for - profit organization .
KMH has been providing maternal and neonatal health services in this area since 1980 along with community - based services in surrounding areas [24] .
The hospital functions in Jhagadia block of Bharuch in the western Indian state of Gujarat .
The total population of Jhagadia block is around 185,000 , of which 70 % is tribal [11] .
The hospital provides free clinical services to pregnant women and newborns .
The hospital works as a first referral unit and is the largest provider of maternal health care in the Bharuch district and nearby areas .
The tribal population native to the study area is known as Vasava , and belongs to the Bhil tribe .
As with other tribal communities , Vasava tribe has its own language and customs which are different from the mainstream culture ; though this is changing as they are increasingly connected with the mainstream culture .
Agriculture is the primary occupation with a large percentage of the population working as landless labourers [25] .
KMH is a 200 - bed tribal - friendly first referral unit providing CEmONC care to surrounding villages .
The CEmONC services at the hospital include services from full - time clinicians including obstetricians , anaesthetists and internists .
Along with the clinician , the hospital has a functional operation theatre , blood storage centre , ultrasound , and inpatient facility [24] .
The mission of the hospital is to serve the most underprivileged tribal patients .
Therefore , it is an empanelled provider for the government sponsored health insurance schemes to facilitate almost free or highly subsidized services to the poor .
Data sources and sample size : The hospital maintains a prospective registry for all admissions that is maintained by care providers and subsequently digitized by trained staff .
A team of care providers including gynaecologists ensured the accuracy of the entire dataset , including that of indications and outcomes of all deliveries .
Women who delivered from April 2010 to March 2016 were included in the study .
The definition of tribal is as per the specifications from the government of India [26] .
The description of admission and outcomes is shown in Fig 1 .
Figure data removed from full text .
Figure identifier and caption : 10.1371/journal.pone.0189260.g001 Number of deliveries and caesarean sections in KMH ( 2010 - 16 ) , Bharuch , Gujarat .
The deliveries were categorized as caesarean section and vaginal deliveries , and are the primary dependent variables .
The potential determinants of caesarean section were maternal age , parity , maternal education , gestational week , haemoglobin status , government scheme , distance from the health facility and child ’ s gender .
The adverse outcomes of deliveries examined for this analyses were still birth , low birth weight ( less than 5.5 lbs / 2500 grams ) , survival status of the neonate at the time of discharge from the hospital ( case fatality rate ) and birth asphyxia ( no cry after delivery ) .
Rate , indication and outcomes of caesarean section were represented by percentages and counts comparing tribal and non - tribal women .
Still birth rate and neonatal death rate are expressed per 1000 total ( live + still ) deliveries and per 1000 live births respectively .
Logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratio caesarean section by background characteristics as potential determinants .
The odds ratio was adjusted for Mother ’ s age , Mother ’ s education , Parity , Mother ’ s haemoglobin , Gestational week , Child ’ s gender , Number of ANC visits by mother and Distance from the health facility .
The odds ratio of caesarean section was estimated for tribal and non - tribal women .
Decomposition analysis was done to decompose the differences in the rates of caesarean section between tribal and non - tribal women .
Fairline modification of Blinder - Oaxaca decomposition for the logit models was used [27] .
Various indications for caesarean section among tribal women were compared with non - tribal women .
The odds ratio of each pregnancy outcome of caesarean section and vaginal deliveries was calculated .
The odds ratios were separately calculated for caesarean section and vaginal deliveries comparing tribal and non - tribal women .
All of the odds ratios were reported with 95 % confidence interval .
Strobe guidelines were followed for reporting the results .
Microsoft Excel 2007 was used to compile the data and STATA Version 12.0 was used for statistical analyses [28] .
Based on a minimum increase in C of 5 % ( ~ 0.3 J kg - 1 m - 1 ) , a coefficient of variation of 5 % , an alpha error of 0.05 and a power of 90 % , the minimal number of athletes required for the group was 11 .
Twelve healthy men , who were national level athletes of AR ( age 31.3 ± 7.7 years , height 1.81 ± 0.05 m , body mass 75.5 ± 9.1 kg , training volume 39.12 ± 9.02 km per week , AR experience 64 ± 49 months ) , carried out three maximal progressive ( VO 2max protocol ) and three submaximal constant - load ( running cost protocol ) tests , defined in the following quasi - randomized conditions : unloaded , 7 % and , 15 % of body mass .
We choose percent loads due to inherent effects of absolute load on performance .
Also , we settle these percent loads because are the loads usually used in AR [11] .
All participants gave their written informed consent to participate in the study .
All procedures followed were in accordance with the ethical standards and with the Helsinki Declaration of 1975 , as revised in 2008 , and were approved by the responsible local Ethics Committee of the Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul on human experimentation .
During the preliminary visit , athletes were familiarized with all loads , equipment , and protocols .
All tests were separated by about 2 - 4 days .
Firstly , the three maximal running tests at 0 , 7 % and 15 % of individuals ’ body mass were randomized in three visits and , in the fourth visit , the submaximal tests were again randomized .
The athletes used their backpacks to perform the bouts with the extra load .
The backpack position was set between the first thoracic and lumbar vertebra , and it was fixed to avoid excessive oscillation ( Fig 1 ) .
In all tests , the heart rate ( Polar , Kempele , Finland ) , end - tidal partial pressure of oxygen , end - tidal partial pressure of carbon dioxide , oxygen uptake , carbon dioxide output and ventilation per minute ( MEDGRAPHICS , CPX / D , Diagnostic Systems , Saint Paul , Minnesota , USA ) were measured continuously .
The gas data were registered breath - by - breath .
Temperature , atmospheric pressure and humidity in the laboratory were 20 ± 2 ° C , 1026 ± 10 mmHg , and 50 ± 8 % , respectively .
6 - 20 Borg ’ s ratings of perceived exertion scale ( RPE ) was shown to the athletes during the last 30 s of each stage ( maximal tests ) and just after the end of submaximal tests .
Each athlete received detailed instructions about the use of the scale before the beginning of the first test .
The total time at each maximal test was 30 minutes , and 1 hour to the submaximal protocol .
Figure data removed from full text .
Figure identifier and caption : 10.1371/journal.pone.0189516.g001 The athlete and his backpack with the extra load .
Before the trials , the athletes performed a warm - up walking on a treadmill ( QUINTON , ST 55 , New York , USA ) inclined at 1 % for five minutes at 6.0 km h - 1 [12] .
During the warm - up before the tests with load , the backpack with the respective load ( 7 or 15 % of body mass ) was adjusted .
They were familiarized to treadmill exercise .
The initial speed of the maximal tests was 6.0 km h - 1 , and the increment was 1.0 km h - 1 per minute until subjects reached volitional exhaustion .
Initially , resting oxygen uptake was measured in orthostasis , during 5 min .
The individuals were asked to carry - out a warm - up for five minutes walking on a treadmill .
Taking into account the individual outcomes from maximal tests , the athletes carried out the submaximal tests at the intensity associated with 10 % below the second ventilatory threshold according to the respective condition ( 0 % , 7 % , and 15 % of the individual ’ s body mass ) , all on the same day .
The duration of each test was 6 min .
On average , 10 minutes of rest between submaximal tests were enough to achieve the initial heart rate and oxygen consumption .
The rates of oxygen consumption and carbon dioxide production were measured continuously during each trial .
The heart rate in all submaximal tests was not greater than 80 percent of the maximal heart rate .
Besides , the respiratory exchange ratio was also monitored achieving values lower than one .
The VO 2max , the velocity associated with VO 2max ( vVO 2max ) , maximal RER , maximal heart rate , first and second ventilatory thresholds , and velocity associated with first and second ventilatory thresholds ( v 1Tvent and v 2Tvent , respectively ) were determined using computerized indirect calorimetry system [13] .
The highest average of five oxygen consumption values was interpreted as the VO 2max [14] .
The value was considered valid when , at least , one of following criteria was observed : i ) estimated maximal heart rate ; ii ) plateau on oxygen consumption with concomitant increase in the speed ( all subjects attained the true VO 2max ) ; iii ) respiratory exchange ratio greater than 1.1 ; iv ) rating of perceived exertion greater than 17 ( very hard ) relative to Borg scale .
The first and second ventilatory thresholds were determined according to the method proposed by [15] .
The first ventilatory threshold ( also denominated as individual ventilatory threshold ) was determined from the first increase in ventilation - minute with a rapid rise in the ventilatory equivalent of oxygen consumption with no concomitant increase in the ventilatory equivalent of carbon dioxide production curve .
The second ventilatory threshold ( also denominated as respiratory compensation point ) was defined as follows : i ) a systematic increase in the ventilatory equivalent of oxygen consumption ; ii ) a concomitant nonlinear increase in the ventilatory equivalent of carbon dioxide production ; and iii ) a reduction in the difference in the inspired and end - tidal oxygen pressure .
The ventilatory thresholds were determined in a blinded way by two independent evaluators .
The submaximal oxygen uptake and heart rate were averaged from the last 60 s of the test [16] .
The running economy was denoted by C , expressed in J kg - 1 m - 1 .
For that , we divided the net metabolic rate ( gross - stand metabolic rate ) by speed and we converted oxygen in ml to Joules relative to combustion enthalpy of substrates resulting from oxidation observed indirectly from respiratory exchange ratio [17] .
The metabolic rate ( ECO ) was also calculated and expressed in ml kg - 1 min - 1 .
The maximal and submaximal metabolic power values were normalized to body mass and expressed in ml kg - 1 min - 1 .
Recently , we showed that the relationship between metabolic parameters and performance is independent of how the parameters are relativized in runners [18-20] .
All data can be seen in the supplementary material ( S1 Table ) .
The Shapiro - Wilk test was used to verify data normality .
We performed the descriptive statistics calculating mean ± standard deviation .
The Pearson product - moment correlation test was carried out in order to test the relationship among the physiological determinants of performance ( VO 2max , C and , ventilatory threshold ) with different load conditions .
The linear regression analysis was used to estimate the speeds associated empirically with ventilatory thresholds when carrying loads .
Possible differences between conditions ( 0 , 7 and 15 % of body mass ) were analyzed using the repeated - measures analysis of variance ( ANOVA ) with Bonferroni post hoc test .
To verify the possibility of violation of the assumption of sphericity , we applied the Mauchly test using the Greenhouse - Geisser correction for all analyses .
Significance was accepted at P ≤ 0.05 , statistical power was 90 % , and the analyses were performed in Statistical Package for Social Sciences version 20.0 ( SPSS , Chicago , Illinois , USA ) .
We used the Cohen ’ s d coefficient to determine the effect sizes [21] .
We determined the differences in proportions using the rule of thumb criteria set out by Hopkins : trivial ( < 0.2 ) , small ( 0.2 - 0.6 ) , moderate ( 0.6 - 1.2 ) , or large ( > 1.2 ) .
The Research Ethics Review Committee of the World Health Organization and the Ethics Committee of the Ministry of Health of Zanzibar approved this study .
Participants were informed orally about this study and also given a detailed information sheet .
Only those who gave written consent were interviewed .
No compensation was offered for the interview .
Interview data sheets did not bear the names of respondents and all data were anonymized before analysis .
The east African archipelago of Zanzibar belongs to the United Republic of Tanzania and is inhabited by ∼ 1.2 million people who are predominantly Muslim .
Kiswahili is the main language , but English is also widely used .
The archipelago is located ∼ 60 km off the coast of mainland Tanzania and consists of two major islands - Unguja in the south and Pemba in the north - and several islets ; it can be reached from the coast by ferry or air within 20 minutes to 2 hours .
Zanzibar has been regularly affected by cholera ; the first cases in recent times were detected in 1978 [36] , [37] .
This study was conducted in the peri - urban Shehia of Chumbuni ( population ∼ 11,000 ) in Unguja and the rural Shehia of Mwambe ( ∼ 8,000 ) in Pemba .
Both Shehias ( administrative term for community in Zanzibar ) were among the core areas of a mass vaccination campaign that was conducted in early 2009 by the Ministry of Health of Zanzibar ( MoH ) with support from the WHO .
The sample for this study was drawn from these two Shehias because they had been studied in a pre - vaccination survey in 2008 [23] , [24] .
The peri - urban site , an unplanned , slum - like extension of the capital , mainly consists of brick houses and is characterized by a high population density ; the rural site consists of hamlets and most people live in mud houses .
More details of both sites have been reported elsewhere [24] .
The mass vaccination campaign aimed to vaccinate ∼ 50,000 inhabitants with Dukoral ™ , a two - dose OCV containing killed V. cholerae O1 bacteria and recombinant cholera toxin B subunit protein [38] .
Dukoral ™ was the only OCV pre - qualified by the WHO at the time of vaccination .
It requires a cold chain for storage and safe water ( ∼ 1.5 dl per dose ) for its administration .
It was offered without charge in two rounds from January 17 to 26 and February 7 to 16 , 2009 , to residents aged two years or older from six Shehias from Unguja and Pemba that had been identified as recent cholera hotspots .
Nine vaccination posts were set up on each island that operated daily for at least eight hours and were staffed with local healthcare workers and villagers .
Information activities for the campaign started with a meeting with district officials on December 23 , 2008 , followed by three meetings to inform leaders , Shehia committee members and mobilizers from each community ( January 5 and 10 , 2009 ) and general community residents ( January 15 , 2009 ) ( MoH , Health Promotion Unit , OCV Social Mobilization Report , February 20 , 2009 ) .
A refresher meeting in the communities followed shortly before the second round on February 5 , 2009 .
Social mobilization used posters , leaflets , street banners and T - shirts to disseminate information on the OCV campaign and to reinforce general hygiene and sanitation messages in the six Shehias .
Messages were continuously broadcast on national TV and radio from the first until the last day of the campaign .
The local press was also briefed and newspaper articles reported from the campaign to promote participation .
The campaign was officially launched by the Minister of Health who drank the vaccine publicly at the Chumbuni Primary Healthcare Unit ( Zanzibar Today , January 18 , 2009 ) .
Mobilizer teams were formed for each Shehia and delivered information from house to house and by megaphone .
Each team consisted of five to six community residents representing also women ' s groups , youth , religious groups and members of the opposition party .
Key messages highlighted not only the importance of vaccination for cholera prevention , but also promoted hygiene messages to prevent other diarrheal diseases , and explained administration of the OCV , its characteristic features and potential for mild side effects .
This was a cross - sectional interview survey based on a case - control design to identify factors associated with vaccine uptake among vaccinated and unvaccinated community members targeted for the mass vaccination campaign .
In addition , unvaccinated participants were also interviewed about barriers to uptake for site - and gender - related comparative analysis .
Data were collected in June and July 2009 , six months after the mass vaccination campaign .
The sampling frame for this study was derived from the census database that had been compiled by the International Vaccine Institute shortly before the mass vaccination campaign implementation in early 2009 [39] .
Names , age , sex , OCV vaccination status and a unique house identification number were extracted for both study Shehias .
Respondents ' houses in Chumbuni were located with the help of aerial photographs indicating house numbers ; houses in Mwambe were located with the help of local assistants .
Approximately 380 adults , based on a sample size of 330 [40] with 15 % compensation for missing data , were identified following a stratified random sampling procedure .
After exclusion of respondents who had been interviewed before the vaccination for the baseline study [24] , all respondents aged 18 years and older were selected .
Second , peri - urban and rural respondents were separated and groups of women and men created among them .
Third , of the approximately 95 women and 95 men required per site , 50 % were selected from those who had received two doses of the OCV , 40 % from those who had not received a single dose and 10 % from those with one dose only .
Only residents who were physically and mentally fit to stand an interview of approximately one hour duration were included in the sample .
Women who had not taken the vaccine because of pregnancy during the mass vaccination campaign were not interviewed .
Semi - structured interviews based on the Explanatory Model Interview Catalogue ( EMIC ) are the principal instrument for cultural epidemiological studies and elicit locally valid features of illness - related experience ( operationalized as categories of distress ) , meaning ( perceived causes ) and behavior ( help seeking ) [25] , [35] .
An EMIC interview for study of diarrhea - free community residents was developed based on the pre - vaccination survey [24] ( see supporting information , Text S1 ) .
A ten - day workshop was conducted shortly before the survey to train field workers and pilot the EMIC interview in Shehias adjacent to the study communities .
After recording relevant socio - demographic characteristics , interviews began with the telling of a brief story in easily understandable terms , making use of a clinical vignette that described a cholera patient with cardinal somatic symptoms .
To study socio - cultural features of cholera - like illness , respondents were asked a series of open and closed questions .
These elicited patterns of distress ( i.e. , respondents ' opinions on what additional physical symptoms the cholera patient described in the vignette might suffer from , and how the illness might impact him / her socially , emotionally and financially ) , perceived causes ( i.e. , what causes the illness may be attributed to ) and help - seeking behavior ( i.e. , what would usually be done at the patient ' s home for self treatment and what sources of help would be consulted outside the household ) .
Respondents who did not swallow two doses of the OCV during the mass vaccination campaign were queried about their reasons against vaccination by specifically inquiring about barriers related to logistical , social and system - relevant and medical aspects .
Quantitative data were recorded by interviewers on data sheets , double entered in Epi Info 3.5.1 ( CDC , Atlanta , GA , USA ) by data entry clerks and cleaned for statistical analysis in SAS 9.2 ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC , USA ) .
Qualitative data were written down during the interview by note takers in Kiswahili ( or in English in a few cases ) .
After translation into English , narratives were typed in a pre - coded word processor template that reflected interview items ; this procedure followed the pre - vaccination survey [23] .
This enabled automatic importation of entire interviews with codes into the qualitative data analysis software MAXQDA 10 ( VERBI Software , Consult . Sozialforschung . GmbH , Marburg , Germany ) .
For integrated analysis of quantitative and qualitative data , quantitative variables ( see below ) were imported into MAXQDA 10 ; this made it possible to retrieve narrative segments based on analytically relevant findings or statistical relationships .
Multivariable analysis of factors of uptake : Socio - demographic characteristics were coded as numeric or categorical variables .
Categories of socio - cultural features of cholera - like illness were assigned a value of 2 if they were mentioned spontaneously and a value of 1 if they were mentioned only after probing .
Those among the reported categories that were identified as single most troubling ( among patterns of distress ) , most important ( perceived causes ) or most helpful ( help seeking ) were given an additional value of 3 .
A cumulative prominence was then calculated for each category ranging from 0 to 5 .
This approach based on the ranked prominence of responses has been widely used in analytic cultural epidemiological studies , which have examined how socio - cultural features of illness affect health behavior [32] , [34] .
To identify social and cultural factors explaining OCV uptake , a multivariable logistic regression model was calculated .
The outcome variable ( i.e. , OCV vaccination status ) was obtained from mass vaccination campaign data that had been compiled electronically during the campaign [39] .
Based on the recommended schedule for Dukoral ™ requiring two doses for full protection , respondents who had received two doses were coded as 1 ( “ vaccinated ” ) and those who had received only one or no dose were coded as 0 ( “ unvaccinated ” ) .
The regression analysis included interaction with site as suggested by site - specific findings from the pre - vaccination survey [24] and because OCV uptake was higher in the rural than in the peri - urban site ( 58.8 % vs . 40.8 % , p = 0.001 ) .
Only explanatory variables reported by 5 - 95 % were considered for analysis .
Following the approach taken in the pre - vaccination survey [23] , variables whose univariable association with OCV uptake had a p < 0.2 were identified first .
Second , multivariable regression models related to patterns of distress , perceived causes and help seeking were run by considering only variables that were retained in the first step .
Each of these sub - models was adjusted for socio - demographic characteristics .
To calculate the final model , only those variables which were retained with a p < 0.2 in these sub - models were considered .
Interaction between each explanatory variable and site ( rural vs . peri - urban site at baseline ) was tested in sub - models ; only interaction terms retained with a p < 0.1 in sub - models were used in the final model .
The final model reports adjusted odds ratios with 95 % confidence intervals and p values .
In case of significant interaction with site , site - specific estimates are presented .
Descriptive analysis of barriers to uptake : Coding and calculation of variables related to barriers followed the approach used for socio - cultural features of illness .
Unvaccinated respondents ' spontaneous and probed answers for each barrier and the barrier they identified as most important were recorded .
Thematically similar barriers were subsumed under groups of logistical , medical and social / system - related barriers .
The non - parametric Wilcoxon test was used for identifying statistically significant differences of prominence between both sites and between genders .
We conducted the study in the Yancheng National Natural Reserve for Coastal Rare Birds ( 32 ° 36 ′ - 34 ° 28 ′ N , 119 ° 51 ′ - 121 ° 5 ′ E ) , which is located on the coastline of central Jiangsu Province , China .
The reserve is divided into three zones of differing conservation priorities , including a core zone of 219 km 2 , with highest conservation priorities , a buffer zone of 557 km 2 , with medium priority , and an experimental zone of 2066 km 2 , with lower priority .
In the buffer zone , human intrusions can be frequent as farmers plant crops and people visit the reserve .
In contrast , the core area has restrictions on the number of visitors and farming is not allowed , thus reducing the level of disturbance caused by human activities in this zone .
The study was conducted in the core and buffer zones from the winter of 2009 to the spring of 2011 .
We focused on two winter migratory crane species in the reserve : red - crowned crane and common crane .
The red crowned crane , which is listed as a First - Grade State Protection animal in China and as an Endangered Species in IUCN Red List , usually gathers in small family flocks consisting of two adult birds and between 0 - 2 juvenile birds .
The common crane , listed as a Second - Grade State Protection animal in China and as a species of least concern in IUCN Red List , usually form much larger flocks , but the basic unit is still a family of two adults and between 0 - 2 juveniles .
The red - crowned crane shows a preference for grassland , which is commonly found in the core zone [29] , while the common crane usually forages in farmland that occurs in the buffer zone .
In these habitats , the two crane species feed on left - over grains or naturally - occurring seeds as well as small insects .
When foraging , cranes occur mostly in family units .
We have noted very few instances of aggression within crane families but families may interact with one another .
Density of birds in red - crowned cranes was quite low and families were often spread out in the habitat .
In common cranes , density in agricultural fields can be quite high .
To control for density effects , we focused on families that were foraging apart from the others minimising any potential influence of the rest of the flock .
We focused on discrete family flocks consisting of two adult cranes and between 0 - 2 juveniles .
In the winter , juvenile cranes are almost adult size but can still be identified through plumage characteristics .
We could not distinguish between males and females because they have similar body size and plumage .
Crane families were located during regular surveys of the reserve .
The same route was not used more than once on the same day to avoid sampling the same flocks .
Observations were not carried out on days with rain , snow or strong winds to lessen bias caused by extreme weather .
We conducted observations from early morning to late afternoon mostly in January and February .
Once a foraging crane family was located , we used focal sampling to record behaviour .
Using binoculars or a spotting scope , we determined whether each bird in the flock was vigilant or not every minute for 30 min or until the flock flew away or changed in size .
Vigilance refers to a crane stretching the head upwards while standing erect or scanning around .
We could keep track of the identity of each bird during sampling given that individuals did not move to a large extent while foraging .
Typically , observations were carried 100 - 300 m away to reduce potential disturbances by observers .
We carried out observations during periods where birds were not disturbed by people .
In family flocks , an adult bird typically scans once every minute for about 20 s [28] , which makes the timing of our sampling procedure reasonable .
The percentage of scans with vigilance served as our metric of vigilance and was arcsine square - root transformed prior to statistical analyses .
First , we established whether individual vigilance in red - crowned cranes varied as a function of age , zone and family size .
In common cranes , zone was not included since most birds foraged in the buffer zone .
We used a linear mixed model with flock id as a random factor .
We then performed an analysis restricted to the buffer zone to compare vigilance in the two species .
Using the sequence of behavioural observations , we established collective vigilance considering adults only since vigilance levels by the juveniles were quite low ( see below ) .
Collective vigilance considering adults only was measured as the percentage of scans in which at least one of the two adults was vigilant .
For each species separately , we examined whether collective vigilance varied as a function of zone and family size using linear models .
We compared observed and predicted collective vigilance separately for each species .
The predicted level of collective vigilance was calculated assuming that each individual scans for threats independently of the others .
The predicted collective vigilance is given by 100 - [ ( 100 - P1 ) * ( 100 - P2 ) ] , where P represents the percentage of scans where adult 1 or adult 2 is vigilant .
We calculated the contrast between observed and predicted values for each flock .
A positive value indicates that individuals tend to coordinate their vigilance bouts ( too few sequences where individuals scan at the same time ) , while a negative value indicates synchronisation ( too many instances where individuals scan at the same time ) .
To examine synchrony and coordination between adults and juveniles , we also calculated observed and predicted collective vigilance considering one parent and one juvenile randomly selected from each flock with at least one juvenile .
In all cases , we used a paired t - test to determine whether observed and predicted values differed significantly from one another .
Sexual differences have been noted in other crane species for vigilance levels [30] .
Since we could not identify sex for our focal subjects , the random selection procedure ensured that at the very least we did not choose one sex more often than the other .
However , we cannot tell whether patterns of collective vigilance are similar for males and females .
In this paper , we used the cancer genomic and drug response data from the Cancer Cell Line Encyclopedia ( CCLE ) .
The CCLE dataset ( http://www.broadinstitute.org/ccle ) consists of large - scale genomics data , including expression profile of 20089 genes , mutation status of 1667 genes , copy number variation of 16045 genes for 947 human cancer cell lines , and 8 - point dose - response curves for 24 chemical drugs across 479 cell lines .
Drug sensitivities to a given cell line are evaluated by IC 50 , EC 50 , and activity area ( the area over dose - response curves ) .
In this study , activity area is used as a drug sensitivity measurement due to its ability to capture the efficacy and potency of drug sensitivity simultaneously compared to IC 50 and EC 50 .
QRFs for 24 chemical compounds were trained based on three types of genomic features , including gene expressions , mutation status and copy number variation .
Motivated by Riddick et al . [2] , we designed a three - step quantile regression forest method as follows ( Fig 2 ) .
In the first stage , some important genomic features were filtered through the correlation test .
Then , a random forest was trained on the filtered features and variables are ranked and furtherly selected based on their importance .
Finally , QRF is built using selected features .
Figure data removed from full text .
Figure identifier and caption : 10.1371/journal.pone.0205155.g002 Workflow of the three - step quantile regression forest method .
All features were screened by their Pearson correlations with drug response .
Then a random forest was trained to rank selected features by their importance .
The variables with the importance of twice standard deviation greater than the mean of importance were selected for the final quantile regression forest .
Feature screening by Pearson correlation coefficient : Due to the ultra - high dimension of genomic features in CCLE dataset , building QRFs directly from all available features is difficult and time - consuming .
So a screening method was first applied to filter the potentially important features [16] .
We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficients ( PCCs ) of genomic features with drug responses and ranked the importance of features by p - values of two - sided t - tests for PCCs .
Features with p - value under 0.05 were then selected .
For each drug in CCLE , the above feature screening process ranked the marginal importance of genomic features and selected around 2000 genes .
Variable selection by random forests : We next trained a random forest on the recruited genomic features and further selected a small subset of variables based on the generated variable importance .
In detail , each tree in the random forest is a bootstrap sample from the original data , and some observations are not in the bootstrap sample , called the out - of - bag ( OOB ) cases .
For each tree , the prediction performance ( measure by residual sum of squares ) on the OOB proportion of data is recorded .
The same procedure is done after permuting the values of each variable .
Decrease of the prediction performance after permutation averaged over all the trees is taken as a measurement of variable importance .
In this stage , we trained 25000 trees for the random forest .
The variables were selected if their importance values are 2 * SD above the mean of all variable importance values .
We first denote the τ - th quantile of Y given X = x by q τ ( X | Y = x ) .
For X = x , the conditional distribution function F ( y | X = x ) is the probability that Y is smaller than or equal to y ∈ R , i.e. , F ( y | X = x ) = P ( Y ≤ y | X = x ) .
For a continuous distribution , the τ - th quantile q τ ( X | Y = x ) is defined as “ y ” such that F ( y | X = x ) = τ .
While this definition cannot be extended to all cases , especially to discrete distributions , although the drug response ( activity area ) in this paper is continuous .
In general , it is accepted that q τ ( Y | X = x ) = inf { y : F ( y | X = x ) ≥ τ } .
Quantile regression forests ( QRFs ) [17] estimate the conditional quantiles of response ( Y ) given the features ( X ) by building random forests .
To build a QRF , a set of T un - pruned regression trees are generated based on bootstrap sampling from the original data .
In this paper , we used T = 15000 .
For each node of the regression trees , a random set of m features selected from the whole set of M features is used for fitting a regression tree based on the bootstrap samples .
In this paper , m was taken as M / 3 as suggested by Hastie et al . [18] .
In the tree generating process , a node with less than 10 training samples is not portioned any more [17] .
Then the conditional distribution is estimated by the weighted distribution of the observed response variables .
More specifically , we consider the conditional distribution of Y given X = x based on the tree Ψ .
Suppose the leaf which contains x is denoted by Ln ( x , Ψ ) , then the weight ω i ( x , Ψ ) is given by ω i ( x , Ψ ) = I ( Xi ∈ Ln ( x , Ψ ) ) # { j : Xj ∈ Ln ( x , Ψ ) } .
Let the T trees of the random forests be Ψ 1 . … , Ψ T , and ω i ( x ) be the average of ω i ( x , Ψ ) over all the trees .
Then ω i ( x ) = 1T ∑ t = 1T ω i ( x , Ψ t ) .
The estimated formtok is then given by F ^ ( y | X = x ) = ∑ i = 1n ω i ( x ) I ( Yi ≤ y ) .
( 1 ) Then τ - th quantile q τ ( x ) is predicted by q ^ τ ( Y | X = x ) = inf { y : F ^ ( y | X = x ) ≥ τ } .
On the other hand , based on the generated trees in QRF , if we make a small change to the right side of formula ( 1 ) , i.e. , ∑ i = 1n ω i ( x ) Yi , then the mean ( expectation ) of Y given X = x is predicted .
So besides the conditional quantiles , QRFs can easily predict the conditional mean of response Y .
In this study , we implemented QRFs by R package “ quantregForest ” ( version 0.2 - 3 ) and assessed the variable importance by permutation used in the original random forest algorithm .
The prediction intervals are constructed from the conditional quantiles of drug response predicted by QRFs .
In detail , the ( 1 − α ) × 100 % prediction interval for drug response Y given genomic features X ( a p - dimensional vector ) is built by I ( x ) = [ q α / 2 ( Y | X = x ) , q1 − α / 2 ( Y | X = x ) ] .
For example , the 95 % prediction interval for drug response is estimated by I ( x ) = [ q0 .025 ( Y | X = x ) , q0 .975 ( Y | X = x ) ] .
It means that for a given x , drug response locates in the interval I ( x ) with high probability .
The length of the prediction interval fluctuates with X .
Performance evaluation of prediction intervals : For each observation , we can obtain OOB prediction using the trees not containing this observation .
OOB prediction is virtually equivalent to the prediction by cross validation when the number of trees is large [19] .
In this study , we generated 15000 trees in QRFs and evaluated the prediction performance by QRFs using OOB prediction , avoiding the intensive computation of 10 - fold cross validation [4] .
For the point predictions of drug responses by QRFs , the Pearson correlation coefficients between the observed and predicted ( OOB ) values were used to quantify the accuracy .
But the true conditional quantiles of drug responses are unobservable .
So as suggested by Wang et al . [20] , the prediction error of the τ - th conditional quantile was assessed based on the average of the value formtok over all observations , where ρ τ ( r ) = τ r − rI ( r < 0 ) is called the quantile loss function , for 0 < τ < 1 [10,20] .
Homogeneity test of variances for drug responses : Given the prediction intervals , we next consider prioritizing patients with very close point predictions of drug response to the same drug .
As aforementioned , a shorter prediction interval indicates the higher stability of prediction at the same confidence level .
Thus , the length of prediction interval reflects the prediction reliability .
In this circumstance , patients with longer prediction intervals need further consideration and expect other medical plans .
The strategy is intuitive but not statistically rigorous , so we used the homogeneity test of variances as a complement .
Note that for each drug , we have only one response value for a specific patient ( cell line ) , thus do not have enough replicates to carry out the homogeneity test directly .
However , taking advantage of our random forest model , we have estimated the quantiles of drug response q τ ( Y | X = x ) for each cell line by the quantile regression forest .
In detail , for any τ between 0 and 1 , we have obtained the estimate of q τ ( Y | X = x ) .
The quantile function of drug response equals to the inverse of cumulative distribution function since drug response is continuously distributed .
This inspires us to use the inverse transform sampling to get the samples of drug responses [21] .
In detail , for patient with geometric features X = x , we firstly generate different τ ′ s denoted as { τ 1 , . . , τ k } from the standard uniform distribution U [0,1] .
Then the corresponding formtok was taken as the random samples of drug responses for the considered patient .
However , q τ ( Y | X = x ) is unknown , we thus treat formtok as the unobserved formtok as the random samples and carry out the rest analyses .
For simplicity , we denote formtok in the remaining content .
Assume that patients 1 and 2 have almost the same point predictions for a certain drug .
By the inverse transform sampling , after randomly sampling τ ij ′ s from U [0,1] ( i = 1 , 2 , j = 1 , … , k ) , we get { Y11 * , Y11 * , … … , Y1k * } and { Y21 * , Y21 * , … … , Y2k * } for patients 1 and 2 , respectively .
Then we consider the following hypothesis problem H0 : σ 12 = σ 22v .s .H 1 : σ 12 ≠ σ 22 .
Here σ 12 and σ 22 are the variances of drug responses for patients 1 and 2 .
We then use the Levene test [22] , which is robust to the non - normal distributed samples , to test the difference of variances .
Note that Levene test is not only restricted to two - group comparison , so we can also discuss the multi - patient test problem in the future .
Similarly , the homogeneity test can also be used to compare different drugs for the same patient .
In this paper , the significance level was set to 0.05 .
We tried different values for k , and did not observe significant changes at different values of k .
So we finally took k as 500 .
The protocol for this trial and supporting CONSORT checklist are available as supporting information ; see Checklist S1 and Protocol S1 .
The primary objective of this trial was to evaluate whether valerian improves sleep quality compared with placebo for people with primary insomnia .
The secondary objectives were to evaluate valerian ' s effects on latency to sleep onset , number of night awakenings , total sleep time , daytime energy level , and global self - assessed improvement .
Participants had to be 18 to 75 years old and have suffered from insomnia for more than one month , a Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index ( PSQI ) score of > 5 [23] , Internet access , an email address , and to have completed a sleep diary for at least 10 days in the trial run - in period .
We excluded people with any of the following conditions : use of hypnotics by prescription , depression , alcohol or drug abuse , psychotherapy within the past six months , pregnant or lactating women or women of childbearing potential who did not use oral contraceptives or an intrauterine device , shift workers , a history of hypersensitivity to valerian or its constituents , or current participation in another trial using an investigational compound .
We also excluded people who answered ‘ usually ’ or ‘ always ’ to the following questions [24] : During the past four weeks , how often Did you hold your breath , have breathing pauses , or stop breathing in your sleep ?
Did you snore loudly ?
Did you have restless or “ crawling ” feelings in your legs at night that went away if you moved your legs ?
Did you have repeated rhythmic leg jerks or leg twitches during your sleep ?
Did you have nightmares , or did you scream , walk , punch , or kick in your sleep ?
Did any of the following disturb you in your sleep : Pain ?
Other physical symptoms ?
Medications ?
Information about the study was broadcast nationally in Norway three times between 29 January and 19 February 2007 .
Viewers interested in participation were invited to visit the web pages of the study to enrol ( http://sovnstudien.forskningspuls.no/ ) .
The initial screening of potential participants was conducted online and was automated .
Potential participants could contact the study secretariat by email or telephone if they had questions or wanted to discuss the study in more detail .
We informed potential participants that we were not providing health care and that they would need to contact their own physician if they became ill during the trial .
A study physician was available by telephone throughout the trial to answer questions and provide advice if needed .
We also informed participants that they had the right to withdraw from the study at any time .
However , we encouraged them , once they were randomised , to complete the sleep diary for two weeks after they received the study tablets .
Participants who withdrew from the study were asked to provide their reasons for withdrawing .
Regardless of whether participants completed the sleep diary , we sent up to three email reminders and telephoned participants to obtain their self - assessments of global improvement when they took tablets compared to the two weeks without tablets .
We assigned an identification number to potential participants who met the inclusion criteria and consented to participate in the trial .
After completing the sleep diary for 10 days participants were allocated to valerian or placebo according to a pre - determined randomisation scheme , using a computerised procedure .
The corresponding numbers had been printed on the boxes containing the study tablets .
A pharmacy kept the randomisation list and sent the study tablets ( either valerian or placebo ) as a registered letter , requiring participants to confirm receipt by signature .
Participants needed to enter the randomisation code on the tablet box in the sleep diary to verify receipt of the package .
The study treatment was coated tablets containing 200 mg extract per tablet ( Valerina Forte ™ ) .
The manufacturer ( Cederroth International AB ) stored the placebo and valerian tablets together in a sealed room before putting them into blister packages and shipping the tablets in boxes to the pharmacy , so that the placebo and valerian tablets , which were identical in appearance and taste , would smell the same .
Participants received a box with 60 tablets and instructions to swallow three tablets every night about one hour before going to bed for 14 days .
The optimum dose of valerian is unknown [9] .
The European Medicines Agency ( EMEA ) final proposal for Core Data for Valerianae radix ( http://www.emea.eu.int/pdfs/human/hmpc/001499en.pdf ) recommends a single dose of two to three grams one half to one hour before bedtime with an earlier dose during the evening if necessary .
Three tablets of Valerina Forte , correspond to 3600 mg Valeriana officinalis .
This is slightly more than the dosage recommended by EMEA , but less than the maximum dose recommended by the manufacturer ( 4 tablets ) and far below the maximum recommended daily dose of nine grams .
In previous randomised trials using repeated doses , the amount of extract taken per day has ranged from 450 to 1215 mg [9] .
It was found in N - of - 1 trials that 450 mg ( equivalent to 2 grams of dry root and rhizome ) was not effective , perhaps due to it being a relatively small dose [16] .
We therefore tested a larger dose to ensure the best possibility of observing an effect and because there is not evidence of an increased risk of side effects with the higher dose .
We asked participants to avoid using other medication for insomnia and to continue using their usual self - help strategies for their sleeping difficulties .
Upon completion of the study we asked them to return the remaining tablets and the box to the pharmacy using a pre - paid , return - addressed envelope .
Data collection and outcome measures : Potential participants who met the inclusion criteria and consented to participate were automatically sent an email .
They needed to respond to this to activate their user name and password and access their sleep diary .
Participants completed a structured online sleep diary every day during the study ( figure 1 ) , 14 days prior to starting to take the tablets and 14 days after .
Data entered into the diary were automatically stored in a database .
Participants were asked to check that the information they entered was correct before saving it .
An automated email reminder was sent to participants who had not completed their sleep diary by 1 p.m . each day .
Figure data removed from full text .
Figure identifier and caption : 10.1371/journal.pone.0001040.g001 Sleep diary .
This is a translation of the diary , which was in Norwegian .
The electronic diary included online help , a calendar indicating the number of days completed and remaining , options for viewing graphs of each of the five outcome variables , space for personal notes , and automated checks to ensure that the diary was completed each day and checked for correctness before being submitted .
Changes could not be made after the data were submitted .
Participants could print out paper versions of the sleep diary and enter the data electronically later if they chose to do so .
Demographic data were collected from participants at the beginning of the study , including age , sex and education .
The PSQI , which was used to screen potential participants for insomnia , includes 19 self - reported items and uses an algorithm to derive a global score from components of sleep quality , sleep latency , sleep duration , habitual sleep efficiency , sleep disturbance , use of sleeping medication and daytime functioning [23] .
Scores range from zero to 21 .
Higher scores indicate more severe sleep problems .
A score of above 5 indicates a “ poor ” sleeper .
The sleep diary ( figure 1 ) included five outcome measures that were recorded daily : sleep onset latency , number of night awakenings , sleep duration , sleep quality , and energy level the following day .
These outcome measures have been used and cited in the literature as being important measures of sleep [9] , [16] , [25] - [28] .
The response options that we used were modified from those used by Coxeter and colleagues [16] .
We used seven categories for all five questions for consistency and to facilitate interpretation relative to what has been found to be a clinically important mean difference on 7 - point scales [29] .
We added an additional category at the upper end of sleep latency and we used half - hour intervals for total sleep time under five hours to detect what are likely to be meaningful differences for these two outcomes , based on clinical experience .
In addition the sleep diary included questions about adverse events , concomitant medication , and the number of tablets taken .
At the end of the study participants were asked to assess their sleeping problems during the two weeks when they took tablets compared to the two week run - in period on a 7 - point scale ranging from much worse to much better .
They were also asked how many tablets they had left and were asked whether they thought the tablets were valerian , placebo or they did not know .
Adverse events were defined as any undesirable experience occurring to a participant during the study , whether or not considered related to the study medication .
Serious adverse events were defined as an adverse experience that was fatal , life - threatening , disabling or which resulted in - patient hospitalisation or prolongation of hospitalisation .
Unexpected adverse events were defined as an experience not previously reported in the product information sheet or similar documents .
Participants were asked to record all complaints that they had each day ; to indicate whether each of these was mild , moderate or severe ; and to note if a physician was seen because of the complaint .
We monitored the sleep diary for severe side - effects in order to obtain information about potential serious adverse events if needed .
When participants registered a complaint in the sleep diary as “ severe ” , a message was automatically sent to the secretariat and we determined whether these were serious adverse events and whether we needed to contact the participant or physician to obtain additional information .
The primary outcome was the proportion of participants in each group with an improvement in self - reported sleep quality of ≥ 0.5 units between the average score for the two weeks before and two weeks during treatment .
This was based on what we assumed likely to be a clinically important difference , based on findings from other 7 - point scales [29] .
The two proportions were compared using a chi - square test .
Secondary analyses included comparisons of the proportion of participants in each group with an improvement of ≥ 0.5 units between the average score for the two weeks before and two weeks during treatment for the other four outcome measures : sleep onset latency , the number of awakenings , sleep duration , and daytime energy level .
These were also compared using chi - square tests .
In addition , we compared the mean change for each of the five outcome measures using two - sample t - tests .
For the participants ' global self - assessments of change in their sleeping problems we compared the proportion of participants that reported an improvement using two cut off points - better or much better , and any improvement - using chi - square tests .
We conducted an exploratory analysis where we compared the proportion of participants in each group with any improvement in mean difference ( i.e. > 0 ) between the average score for the two weeks before and two weeks during treatment for each of the five variables using chi - square tests .
We also conducted an exploratory analysis using repeated measures analysis of variance for all five outcome measures in order to reveal any difference in the profile of the five endpoints during the intervention period taking into account the run - in period and we evaluated whether there were differences in effect over time .
Safety analyses included tabulation of type and frequency of all adverse events .
We compared the proportion of participants in each group recording one or more adverse events during the intervention compared to the run - in period using McNemar ' s test and chi - square tests for the between group comparisons .
All analyses were done on an “ intention - to - treat ” basis ; i.e. all participants who reported receiving study drugs and taking them at least once were included .
All p - values and confidence intervals are reported without adjustments for multiple comparisons , and have been interpreted in light of the number of comparisons that were made .
The analyses were done using SAS ( Version 9.1.3 . SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , NC , USA ) .
The randomisation code was broken in two steps .
The participants were identified as belonging to group “ A ” or “ B ” without revealing which was the valerian and placebo group .
The “ A ” and “ B ” code was not broken until the primary and secondary statistical analyses had been completed and reviewed by the investigators .
We estimated the number of participants needed to reject the null hypothesis ( no difference between valerian and placebo ) for the primary analysis for proportions from 0.15 to 0.40 in the placebo group and absolute improvements of 10 to 25 % based on Pearson Chi - square 2 - sided tests for two proportions , with a significance level of 0.05 and 80 % power .
We did not allow for drop - outs since all participants who completed the sleep diary for at least one day were included in all of the analyses except for global self - assessed improvement .
The calculations were performed with SAS , PROC POWER .
The estimated sample sizes ranged from 58 to 388 per group , depending on the proportion in the placebo group and the minimum difference considered to be important .
We intended to include 250 - 275 participants in each group in order to be able to reject the null hypothesis if the difference in proportions was between 10 and 15 % .
The protocol , participant information and informed consent form were approved by the Regional Committee for Medical Research Ethics - Southern Norway , the Norwegian Medicines Agency and the Norwegian Social Science Data Services .
The trial was registered and assigned an International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial Number ( ISRCTN 72748991 ) by Current Controlled Trials ( www.controlled-trials.com ) prior to commencing recruitment .
The protocol is publicly available ( http://www.kunnskapssenteret.no/filer/sovnstudien_protokoll_3_1_2_2007_01_3.pdf ) .
Study participants were informed that they were free to withdraw from the study at any time and that there was no risk associated with discontinuing taking the tablets .
Information about the study was provided to all potential participants on the web pages .
The participants could take as much time as they needed to read and understand the information before consenting to participate ( electronically ) .
They had the opportunity to contact the investigators by phone or email and ask questions before deciding whether they wanted to participate in the study .
In order to participate , potential participants had to answer several questions to ensure that they understood the study procedures and potential harms and benefits before they verified their consent to participate online .
Because the study was used to educate a television audience regarding principles of randomised trials , journalists wanted to interview and follow some of the participants in the study .
The participants were asked upon inclusion whether they would be interested in being contacted by a journalist .
It was emphasized that this was not a prerequisite for participation and that only two to four participants would be contacted .
We kept a separate log of participants ' codes and names .
This database also included the electronic confirmation of each person ' s consent to take part in the study .
The sleep diary was kept in a secure zone .
Each participant was able to access her or his own sleep diary and no one else ' s .
The investigators had access only to anonymous data in tables .
We included in this study 29 Caucasian subjects , by approaching consecutive patients matching the inclusion criteria , who visited the outpatient clinic of our MS centre .
All subjects had RRMS according to the revised McDonald criteria [21] , with a disease duration of < 5 years since the first to MS attributable symptoms .
Both patients treated with interferon beta 1a or 1b , and patients untreated with immune modulation were included .
Exclusion criteria were : no clinically definite phenotype , use of other immune modulation than interferon beta 1a or 1b , occurrence of a relapse < 6 weeks before blood collection , recent start ( < 1 / 2 year ) of vitamin D supplementation .
The characteristics of the patients are described in Table 1 .
Table data removed from full text .
Table identifier and caption : 10.1371/journal.pone.0006635.t001 Patient characteristics .
* Expanded Disability Status Scale .
Written informed consent was acquired from all subjects participating in this study , according to the declaration of Helsinki .
The study was reviewed and approved by both the regional ethical committee on human research ‘ Atrium - Orbis - Zuyd ’ , and the institutional ethical committee ‘ Local Advisory board on Scientific Research ’ .
Blood withdrawal was performed in the period from September 2008 until February 2009 .
The cells for the cellular assays and the serum for vitamin D measurement were retrieved at the same time , and cellular assays were performed on the day of blood collection .
The collected serum was immediately shielded from direct light and stored at − 20 ° C .
At the end of the study , all samples were analysed simultaneously .
The serum values of 25 ( OH ) D were measured with a commercially available radioimmuno assay ( Immunodiagnostic Systems , Boldon , UK ) [18] .
Cells were cultured in RPMI glutamax medium ( Gibco Invitrogen , Breda , The Netherlands ) supplemented with 10 % Foetal Calf Serum ( Greiner Bio - One , Alphen a / d Rijn , The Netherlands ) , 1 % non - essential amino acids ( Gibco Invitrogen ) , 1 % sodium pyruvate ( Gibco Invitrogen ) and 2 % penicillin - streptomycin ( Gibco Invitrogen ) in U - bottom 96 - wells plates .
Cell isolation was performed as described before , with minor modifications [22] .
PBMC were isolated by Ficoll gradient centrifugation ( Histopaque ; Sigma Aldrich , Zwijndrecht , The Netherlands ) .
CD 4 + T cells were selectively isolated with RosetteSep ( Stem Cell Technologies , Grenoble , France ) .
Approximately 20 - 30 × 106 CD 4 + T cells were incubated at 4 ° C for 30 minutes with anti - CD 4 - APC ( BD Biosciences , Breda , The Netherlands ) , anti - CD 25 - PE ( BD Biosciences ) and anti - CD 127 - FITC ( BD Biosciences ) .
Human CD 4 + CD 25 + CD 127 − Tregs [23] , [24] and CD 4 + CD 25 − responder T cells ( Tresps ) were sorted on a FacsAria ™ ( BD Biosciences ) cell sorter ( Figure 1A ) .
The mean purity of the sorted populations was 97.51 % ( SD 0.81 ) for the Tregs and 97.45 % ( SD 1.65 ) for the Tresps .
Accessory cells were obtained by irradiating autologous PBMC with 66.2 gray .
Figure data removed from full text .
Figure identifier and caption : 10.1371/journal.pone.0006635.g001 Results proliferation suppression assay .
( A ) Representative dot - plot of the sorting protocol .
CD 25 + CD 127 − cells within the CD 4 + lymphogate were sorted as Tregs , CD 25 − cells were sorted as Tresps .
( B ) The percentages of suppression which were achieved for the respective Treg / Tresp ratios of the individual patients are shown .
The Treg / Tresp ratio at which 50 % inhibition of proliferation was achieved is defined as ED 50 of suppression .
The distribution of ED 50 is shown in the rightmost column .
The lines show the median values .
The closed dots represent the Beta Interferon - treated patients , the open dots the untreated patients .
The CFSE - based proliferation suppression assay was adapted from Venken et al . [22] .
In short , the freshly isolated CD 4 + CD 25 − Tresps were labelled with carboxy fluorescein diacetate succinimidyl ester ( CFSE ; Molecular Probes Invitrogen , Breda , The Netherlands ) .
In a U - bottom 96 - wells plate , 2 × 105 Tresps were stimulated with soluble anti - CD 3 ( 2.0 pg / mL , WT 32 IgG2a monoclonal antibody , kindly provided by dr . W Tax , Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre , Nijmegen ,