 In the 1950s , guitarists such as Willie Johnson of Howlin ' Wolf , Goree Carter , Joe Hill Louis , Ike Turner , Guitar Slim , Chuck Berry , Paul Burlison of Johnny Burnette & The Rock and Roll Trio and Link Wray deliberately increased gain beyond its intended levels to achieve `` warm '' distorted sounds .
 Goree Carter , Joe Hill Louis , Ike Turner , Guitar Slim , Chuck Berry , Paul Burlison of Johnny Burnette & The Rock and Roll Trio and Link Wray   deliberately increased gain beyond its intended levels to achieve  

 Patricia died on 21 September 2010 , Tiger was not in attendance at her funeral due to Geldof 's fear of attention that would be generated .
 attention   would be generated  

 Some bacteria and animals have been found to thrive in oceanic hydrothermal vents above 100 ° C ; a study revealed that a fraction of bacteria survive heating pulses up to 250 ° C in vacuo , while similar heating at normal atmospheric pressure leads to the total sterilization of samples .
 Some bacteria and animals   have been found  

 The King had Surrey imprisoned - with Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey father - sentenced to death on 13 January 1547 , and beheaded for treason on 19 January 1547 ( Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey father survived impending execution only by it being set for the day after the king happened to die , though Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey remained imprisoned ) .
 the king   to die  

 Soft processed cheeses , such as dairylea triangles are made as a sandwich filling .
 a sandwich   filling  

 A graduate of Johns Hopkins University , Muuss was a senior scientist specializing in geometric solid modeling , ray-tracing , MIMD architectures and digital computer networks at the United States Army Research Laboratory at Aberdeen Proving Ground , Maryland when Mike Muuss died .
 Mike Muuss   died  

 Although it is not generally believed to be a cause of the illness , people with schizophrenia use nicotine at much greater rates than the general population .
 it   is not generally believed  

 Microsoft Excel also introduced intelligent cell recomputation , where only cells dependent on the cell being modified are updated ( previous spreadsheet programs recomputed everything all the time or waited for a specific user command ) .
 only cells dependent on the cell   are updated  

 The OED defines a mummy as `` the body of a human being or animal enbalmed ( according to the ancient Egyptian or some analogous method ) as a preparation for burial '' , citing sources from 1615 onwards , later than the first uses of other senses that include ground up mummy used as `` a medicinal preparation '' , which dates to c. 1400 .
 the body of a human being or animal   enbalmed  

 For instance , the rector was traditionally entitled to appoint an `` Assessor '' , a deputy to sit in John Cleese place at important meetings in John Cleese absence .
 the rector   was traditionally entitled  

 The inscription on Gerbert 's tomb reads in part Iste locus Silvestris membra sepulti venturo Domino conferet ad sonitum ( `` This place , at the advent of the Lord , will yield to the sound of the last trumpet the buried members of Sylvester II '' , mis-read as `` will make a sound '' ) has given rise to the curious legend that Pope Sylvester II bones will rattle in that tomb just before the death of a Pope .
 The inscription on Gerbert 's tomb   reads  

 According to the essay by music critic and historian Richie Unterberger contained within the set , the source for the show is the only audio tape of acceptable quality recording during singer Nico 's tenure in the band .
 Richie Unterberger   contained  

 These glaciations are believed to have been so severe that there were ice sheets at the equator -- a state known as the `` Snowball Earth '' .
 These glaciations   are believed  

 Regulatory processes attempt to balance the potential benefits with the potential harms , so that people given the treatment are more likely to benefit from Experimental cancer treatment than to be harmed by Experimental cancer treatment .
 people   given  

 The law concerned was Section 63 of the Criminal Justice and Immigration Act 2008 , brought in by the Labour Party government of 2005-2010 .
 The law   concerned  

 British Shipbuilders was a combination of the major shipbuilding companies including Cammell Laird , Govan Shipbuilders , Swan Hunter , and Yarrow Shipbuilders ; the nationalisation of the coal mines in 1947 created a coal board charged with running the coal industry commercially so as to be able to meet the interest payable on the bonds which the former mine owners ' shares had been converted into .
 the former mine owners ' shares   had been converted  

 The story of Syrinx is told in Achilles Tatius ' Leukippe and Kleitophon where the heroine is subjected to a virginity test by entering a cave where Pan has left syrinx pipes that will sound a melody if she passes .
 she   passes  

 Ribbentrop quickly learned that Hitler always favoured the most radical solution to any problem , and accordingly tended Joachim von Ribbentrop advice in that direction as a Ribbentrop aide recalled : When Hitler said ` Grey ' , Ribbentrop said ` Black , black , black ' .
 a Ribbentrop aide   recalled  

 When Greek or Latin works were published , numerous professional copies were made simultaneously by scribes in a scriptorium , each making a single copy from an original that was declaimed aloud .
 Greek or Latin works   were published  

 Despite this , Peter Singer argues that it has led to a difficult intellectual climate , with professors not able to teach courses in Germany on applied ethics and campaigns demanding the resignation of professors who invited Peter Singer to speak .
 Peter Singer   to speak  

 Those that cause hail to fall are called hailstorms .
 hail   to fall  

 Wright argues that another point Bede is making is that it is because of the intercession of St Peter Laurence of Canterbury that the mission continued .
 the mission   continued  

 Hercule Poirot first appearance was in The Mysterious Affair at Styles ( published 1920 ) and his last in Curtain ( published 1975 , the year before Christie died ) .
 Christie   died  

 The Covenant Code orders men who have two wives ( polygynously ) to not deprive the first wife of food , of clothing , nor of sexual activity ; if the husband does not provide the first wife with these things , she is to be divorced , without cost to her .
 she   to be divorced  

 In Beacon Theaters v. Westover , , the US Supreme Court discussed the right to Jury trial , holding that when both equitable and legal claims are brought , the right to Jury trial still exists for the legal claim , which would be decided by Jury trial before the judge ruled on the equitable claim .
 both equitable and legal claims   are brought  

 Thus it is expensive and inconvenient for the railway company to transfer passengers and freight between the two railway systems : the transfers require time consuming manual labour or substantial capital expenditure .
 the transfers   require  

 Johannes Gutenberg major work , the Gutenberg Bible ( also known as the 42-line Bible ) , has been acclaimed for its high aesthetic and technical quality .
 Gutenberg major work   has been acclaimed  

 While the NTSB determined that factors suggesting the likelihood of a short circuit event existed , TWA Flight 800 added that `` neither the release mechanism nor the location of the ignition inside the CWT could be determined from the available evidence '' .
 factors suggesting the likelihood of a short circuit event   existed  

 In Mexico , for example , where much of the bottled liquified gas sold is in fact butane , gas labelled `` propane '' may actually consist of 60 % propane and 40 % butane .
 the bottled liquified gas   sold  

 Galileo maintained strongly that mathematics provided a kind of necessary certainty that could be compared to God 's : `` With regard to those few mathematical propositions which the human intellect does understand , I believe Scientific revolution knowledge equals the Divine in objective certainty '' .
 a kind of necessary certainty   could be compared  

 The Magician 's Nephew , the penultimate book to be published , but the last to be written , was completed in 1954 .
 the penultimate book to be published   to be written  

 Whether any particular string is random , however , depends on the specific universal computer that is chosen .
 the specific universal computer   is chosen  

 A number of thrillers and horror films dubbed `` outback gothic '' have been created , including Wake in Fright , Walkabout , The Cars That Ate Paris and Picnic at Hanging Rock in the 1970s , Razorback and Shame in the 1980s and Japanese Story , The Proposition and the world-renowned Wolf Creek in the 2000s .
 A number of thrillers and horror films dubbed `` outback gothic ''   have been created  

 `` Though materialism in some form or other has always been present in India , and occasional references are found in the Vedas , the Buddhistic literature , the Epics , as well as in the later philosophical works we do not find any systematic work on materialism , nor any organised school of followers as the other philosophical schools possess .
 the other philosophical schools   possess  

 Symptoms that may occur include : a painful or burning sensation when urinating , an unusual discharge from the penis , swollen or tender testicles , or fever .
 Symptoms   may occur  

 John A. Macdonald did not remain out of power long ; the parties remained closely matched , with a handful of independents able to destroy any government .
 the parties   closely matched  

 Skopje remained under rule of the Kingdom of Serbia during the Second Balkan War of 1913 when the formerly united front started to fight among themselves .
 the formerly united front   started  

 Almost all of the rocks exposed around Sydney will be sandstone .
 Almost all of the rocks   will be sandstone  

 Balitoridae and Cobitidae , meanwhile , contain a very large number of species about which essentially nothing is known except how Cypriniformes look and where Cypriniformes were first found .
 Cypriniformes   look  

 After the pin is sheared the engine is unable to provide propulsive power to the boat until an undamaged shear pin is fitted .
 the pin   is sheared  

 Since the stars are light years away , this observation means that , in the non-inertial reference frame of the Earth , anybody who looks at the stars is seeing objects which appear , to them , to be moving faster than the speed of light .
 objects which appear   to be moving faster  

 Most of these were not , however , treaties of cession ; History of Sierra Leone were in the form of cooperative agreements between two sovereign powers .
 Most of these   were not  

 So , a 10 gauge shotgun nominally should have an inside diameter equal to that of a sphere made from one-tenth of a pound of lead .
 a 10 gauge   shotgun nominally  

 The equations used are nonlinear partial differential equations which are impossible to solve exactly through analytical methods , with the exception of a few idealized cases .
 The equations   used  

 Two-handed sword may be used to refer to any sword that usually requires two hands to wield .
 two hands   to wield  

 Also before 1945 , namely 1937 , the city of Cuxhaven has been fully integrated into the Prussian Province of Hanover by the Greater Hamburg Act , so that in 1946 , when the state of Lower Saxony was founded , only four states needed to be merged .
 only four states   to be merged  

 The penis contains a tube through which semen ( a fluid containing sperm ) travels .
 semen   travels  

 Passport often , though not always , contain a message , usually near the front , requesting that Passport bearer be allowed to pass freely , and further requesting that , in the event of need , the bearer be granted assistance .
 Passport bearer   be allowed  

 Jack Lemmon second wife was the actress Felicia Farr , with whom Jack Lemmon had a daughter , Courtney ( born 1966 ) .
 Courtney   born  

 Once registration had been completed and the deposits were made , the author was granted an exclusive right to control the copying of the book .
 the deposits   were made  

 Jerome K. Jerome tried to become a journalist , writing essays , satires and short stories , but most of these were rejected .
 most of these   were rejected  

 Coastal cities , such as Dublin , Belfast , and Cork , created vast beef curing and packing industries , with Cork producing half of Ireland 's annual beef exports in 1668 .
 Coastal cities , such as Dublin , Belfast , and Cork   created vast beef curing  

 If so , we have nothing to do : finished Otherwise : Wait until the lift is idle Go to the required floor Release the memory we used to remember the floor number Memory leak would occur if the floor number requested is the same floor that the lift is on ; the condition for releasing Memory leak would be skipped .
 the floor number   requested  

 Diseases such as Kearns-Sayre syndrome , Pearson 's syndrome , and progressive external ophthalmoplegia are thought to be due to large-scale mtDNA rearrangements , whereas other diseases such as MELAS syndrome , Leber 's hereditary optic neuropathy , myoclonic epilepsy with ragged red fibers ( MERRF ) , and others are due to point mutations in mtDNA .
 Diseases such as Kearns-Sayre syndrome , Pearson 's syndrome , and progressive external ophthalmoplegia   are thought  

 Waves in plasmas are notoriously difficult to understand and describe analytically , but computer simulations , carried out by Thomas Bogdan and colleagues in 2003 , seem to show that Alfvén waves can transmute into other wave modes at the base of Corona , providing a pathway that can carry large amounts of energy from the photosphere into Corona and then dissipate it as heat .
 computer simulations   seem  

 The EPA states that `` recycling aluminum cans , for example , saves 95 percent of the energy required to make the same amount of aluminum from Recycling virgin source , bauxite '' .
 the energy   required  

 The examples given are Natural History (Pliny) capability of being beaten into fine foil with just one ounce , producing 750 leaves four inches square .
 The examples   given  

 The fact that the emblem by which a sultan was enthroned consisted of a sword was highly symbolic : it showed that the office with which Osman I was invested was first and foremost that of a warrior .
 a sultan   was enthroned  

 His plan goes wrong when the kidnappers deviate from the plan and local cop Marge Gunderson ( McDormand ) starts to investigate .
 Marge Gunderson   starts  

 In some species , Anthocyanins cause the flowers to change their color from red to blue when aging .
 the flowers   aging  

 Sailing regattas featuring a local vessel type , the Achill Yawl , have been popular since the 19th century , though most present-day yawls , unlike their traditional working boat ancestors , have been structurally modified to promote greater speed under sail .
 most present-day yawls   have been structurally modified  

 The numbers on Gillman 's coaching tree indicate the Super Bowls won by his coaching `` descendants '' , a total of twenty-four .
 the Super Bowls   won  

 Although initially cleared of any involvement in the murder , Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley was offered up by the conspirators and convicted at a show trial , after which Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley was executed by being hanged , drawn and quartered before each of Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley limbs was nailed to the gates of a different Scottish town .
 Lord Darnley limbs   was nailed  

 In the 1830s , Jeremy Bentham , the founder of utilitarianism , left instructions to be followed upon his death which led to the creation of a sort of modern-day mummy .
 instructions   to be followed  

 While Poison Ivy (comics) were fighting , Catwoman confessed that she saw good in the both of them and only wanted to help them .
 Poison Ivy   were fighting  

 The Minoan cities were connected with stone-paved roads , formed from blocks cut with bronze saws .
 The Minoan cities   were connected  

 Every element of the classical myths that told about Britomartis served to reduce her power and scope , even literally to entrap her in nets ( but only because she `` wanted '' to be entrapped ) .
 she   to be entrapped  

 The first transistorized guitar effect was the 1962 Maestro Fuzz Tone pedal , which became a sensation after Effects unit use in the 1965 Rolling Stones hit '' ( I Ca n't Get No ) Satisfaction '' .
 unit use in the 1965 Rolling Stones   hit  

 Minnesota population continues to grow , primarily in the urban centers .
 Minnesota population   to grow  

 On this basis , Empiricism formulated a strong principle of demarcation between sentences that have sense and those that do not : the so-called verification principle .
 those   do not  

 Source : 1 Peak production of conventional oil already passed in this state 2 Although Canada 's conventional oil production is declining , Petroleum total oil production is increasing as oil sands production grows .
 oil sands production   grows  

 At the same time , large numbers of Chinese were forced to migrate to these commanderies , where mixed settlements began to appear .
 mixed settlements   to appear  

 In addition , the Model 64 was modified to carry two 150 L ( 40 US gal ) drop tanks on either wing in order to permit the mounting of a 250 kg ( 550 lb ) bomb on the underside of the fuselage .
 the Model 64   was modified  

 Perennialism was a solution proposed in response to what was considered by many to be a failing educational system .
 a solution   proposed  

 Lillian Hoddeson , a University of Illinois historian who wrote a book on Bardeen , said that because John Bardeen `` differed radically from the popular stereotype of genius and was uninterested in appearing other than ordinary , the public and the media often overlooked John Bardeen '' .
 John Bardeen   differed radically  

 The north transept rose ( 10.5 m diameter , made c. 1235 ) , like much of the sculpture in the north porch beneath it , is dedicated to the Virgin .
 The north transept   rose  

 Not in strength are we inferior to men ; the same our eyes , our limbs the same ; one common light we see , one air we breathe ; nor different is the food we eat .
 we   breathe  

 After MDMA was criminalized , most medical use stopped , although some therapists continued to prescribe MDMA illegally .
 some therapists   continued  

 Jim Jarmusch longtime girlfriend , filmmaker Sara Driver , worked closely with Jim Jarmusch on Jim Jarmusch early films , but the stress this put on their relationship caused them to break up and resolve thereafter not to work together and have since lived together for many years .
 them   to break up  

 Under the Longs Peak API , object creation would become atomic , using templates to define the properties of an object which would be created with a single function call .
 an object   would be created  

 When Jack Kerouac football career at Columbia soured , Kerouac dropped out of the university .
 Jack Kerouac football career at Columbia   soured  

 NBC otherwise had another tough season , with mid-season legal drama Harry 's Law being their only freshman scripted show to be renewed .
 their only freshman scripted show   to be renewed  

 The GNU project has a clone of Pico (text editor) called nano which has been developed because Pico (text editor) license was not a free software license , since distribution of a modified version of the code was amiguously forbidden .
 distribution of a modified version of the code   was amiguously forbidden  

 It is not known if Titan 's lakes are fed by rivers , though Titan 's surface is carved by numerous river beds .
 It   is not known  

 Although no notated musical compositions were found , the inscriptions indicate that Musical notation was sufficiently advanced to allow for musical notation .
 no notated musical compositions   were found  

 The barbarian mercenaries employed by the Utopians are thought to be inspired by the Swiss mercenaries .
 The barbarian mercenaries employed by the Utopians   are thought  

 When Aslan is first mentioned in The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , for example , the narrator says that `` None of the children knew who Aslan was , any more than you do '' -- which is nonsensical if one has already read The Magician 's Nephew .
 you   do  

 Peter Altenberg , who never married , died on 8 January 1919 , aged 59 .
 Peter Altenberg   never married  

 Steven Spielberg currently serves as one of the executive producers on United States of Tara , a show created by Academy Award winner Diablo Cody which they developed together ( Spielberg is uncredited as creator ) .
 Academy Award winner Diablo Cody   developed together  

 Olive , Montenegro , is claimed to be over 2,000 years old .
 Olive   is claimed  

 The worst-case complexity of Shell sort is therefore connected with the Frobenius problem : for given integers h1 , ... , hn with gcd = 1 , the Frobenius number g ( h1 , ... , hn ) is the greatest integer that can not be represented as a1h1 + ... + anhn with nonnegative integer a1 , ... , an .
 the greatest integer   can not be represented  

 History of the Maldives was during this period that the culture of the Maldives as we now know History of the Maldives both developed and flourished .
 History of the Maldives   flourished  

 Since it was the local government district that officially held city status under the 1982 letters patent , when City status in the United Kingdom was abolished , City status in the United Kingdom also ceased to be a city .
 was abolished   City status in the United Kingdom  

 This results in a cell that lives past its `` use-by-date '' and is able to replicate and pass on any faulty machinery to Apoptosis progeny , increasing the likelihood of the cell becoming cancerous or diseased .
 a cell   lives  

 The ancestral coat of arms of the Ottonian line of the house of House of Orange-Nassau is shown below .
 The ancestral coat of arms of the Ottonian line of the house of House of Orange-Nassau   is shown below  

 The constant warmongering of other contemporaries of the ancient Minoans -- the Egyptians and Hittites , for example -- is well documented .
 The constant warmongering of other contemporaries of the ancient Minoans   well documented  

 In yet another legend , Jadwiga was taking part in a Corpus Christi Day procession when a coppersmith 's son drowned by falling into a river .
 a coppersmith 's son   drowned  

 It was excavated by Spiegelthal in 1854 , who found that it covered a large vault of finely cut marble blocks approached by a flat-roofed passage of the same stone from the south .
 finely cut marble blocks   approached  

 In 1934 , DuPont Manual High School moved into Reuben Post Halleck Hall , which had just been completed .
 Reuben Post Halleck Hall   had just been completed  

 In August 2012 , Leno auctioned Jay Leno Fiat 500 which was sold for $ 385,000 with all the proceeds going to a charity that helps wounded war veterans recover by providing them temporary housing .
 wounded war veterans   recover  

 all restaurants offer `` dry '' tandoori and tikka dishes of marinated meat or fish cooked in a special oven , and biriani dishes , where the meat and rice are mixed together .
 marinated meat or fish   cooked  

 At the time , Leno stated Jay Leno did n't want O'Brien to leave for a competing network , adding , `` Jay Leno 'll be 59 when the switch occurs , that 's five years from now .
 the switch   occurs  

 Most were open two-seater sports cars bodied by Bert Bertelli 's brother , with a small number of long-chassis four-seater tourers , dropheads and saloons also produced .
 a small number of long-chassis four-seater tourers , dropheads and saloons   also produced  

 The earliest reference to solar sailing was in Jules Verne 's 1865 novel From the Earth to the Moon , coming only a year after Maxwell 's equations were published .
 Maxwell 's equations   were published  

 Portions of the Apollo 12 mission are dramatized in the miniseries From the Earth to the Moon episode entitled `` That 's All There Is '' .
 the Moon episode   entitled  

 He was married to Deborah Mitford , one of the Mitford girls and sister to Nancy Mitford , Diana Mitford , Pamela Mitford , Unity Mitford and Jessica Mitford The 1st and 6th Dukes both inherited an old house and tried to adapt to the lifestyle of their time without changing the fundamentals of its layout , making the Chatsworth 's layout unique and full of irregularities and the interiors are a collection of different styles .
 The 1st and 6th   Dukes  

 Alypius of Thagaste steered Augustine away from marriage , saying that they could not live a life together in the love of wisdom if Augustine of Hippo married .
 Augustine of Hippo   married  

 In 2005 , Peterson celebrated Oscar Peterson 80th birthday at the HMV flagship store in Toronto , where a crowd of about 200 gathered to celebrate with Oscar Peterson .
 a crowd of about 200   to celebrate  

 While pedagogic pederasty was an essential element in the education of male youths , these relationships , at least in Athens and Sparta , were expected to steer clear of penetrative sex of any kind .
 these relationships , at least in Athens and Sparta   were expected  

 Maxwell 's equations predicted an infinite number of frequencies of electromagnetic waves , all traveling at the speed of light .
 all   traveling  

 Disease and disaster , in Cronenberg 's work , are less problems to be overcome than agents of personal transformation .
 less problems   to be overcome  

 The West Belfast Brigade would later reference Billy Wright (loyalist) as a true loyalist who had been a victim of the UVF in a leaflet circulated to foment a feud between the UDA and the UVF .
 a leaflet   circulated  

 Glassine ( paper ) is used by artists to protect artwork which is being stored or transported .
 artwork   is being stored  

 The bas-relief frieze was carved in situ ; Parthenon is dated in 442 BC-438 BC .
 The bas-relief frieze   was carved  

 While the orthodox spinner has the same action as an off-spinner , the ball Off spin spins in the opposite direction ( akin to a right arm leg spinner ) .
 the ball Off spin   spins  

 bill bissett ( born William Frederick Bissett , November 23 , 1939 ) is a Canadian poet famous for Bill bissett anti-conventional style .
 bill   born  

 Subsequently individual tunes have become linked to specific hymns from the Olney books .
 Subsequently individual tunes   linked  

 The progression from HIV to AIDS is not immediate or even necessarily rapid ; HIV 's cytotoxic activity towards CD4 + lymphocytes is classified as AIDS once a given patient 's CD4 + cell count falls below 200 .
 HIV 's cytotoxic activity towards CD4   lymphocytes  

 In addition , the backs of several damaged passenger seats were observed to have an unknown red/brown-shaded substance on them .
 the backs of several damaged passenger seats   were observed  

 Jury instructions are often the subject of discussion of the case , how Jury instructions will decide who is guilty , and are given by the judge in order to make sure Jury instructions interests are represented and nothing prejudicial is said .
 nothing prejudicial   is said  

 Art Garfunkel know Art Garfunkel ears , Art Garfunkel know what Art Garfunkel respond to '' .
 Art Garfunkel   respond  

 On April 11 , 2011 , the memorial to the victims of Nazism was vandalized - The memorial tombstones were knocked down , and white swastikas were sprayed on the memorial .
 The memorial tombstones   were knocked down  

 In some cases , a state 's ratification resolution was signed by legislative officers before that state 's second house had acted .
 that state 's second house   had acted  

 However , employment of Countertenor never extended to early opera , the rise of which coincided with the arrival of a fashion for castrati , who took , for example , several roles in the first performance of Monteverdi 's Orfeo .
 the rise of which   coincided  

 James Lovelock found a concentration of 60 parts per trillion of CFC-11 over Ireland and , in a partially self-funded research expedition in 1972 , went on to measure the concentration of CFC-11 from the northern hemisphere to the Antarctic aboard the research vessel RRS Shackleton .
 a concentration of 60 parts per trillion of CFC-11 over Ireland   went on  

 In Desolation Angels Jack Kerouac wrote , `` when Jack Kerouac went to Columbia all they tried to teach us was Marx , as if Jack Kerouac cared '' ( considering Marxism , like Freudianism , to be an illusory tangent ) .
 Jack Kerouac   cared  

 Osama bin Laden wrote that the tatarrus doctrine `` needs to be revisited based on the modern-day context and clear boundaries established '' .
 the modern-day context and clear boundaries   established  

 -- Cassius Dio 71.36.3 -- 4 Michael Grant , in The Climax of Rome ( 1968 ) , writes of Commodus : `` The youth turned out to be very erratic or at least so anti-traditional that disaster was inevitable .
 The youth   turned out  

 Colleagues urged John Hanson to remain because Congress at the moment lacked a quorum to choose a successor .
 John Hanson   to remain  

 A JVM is distributed along with Java Class Library , a set of standard class libraries ( in Java bytecode ) that implement the Java application programming interface ( API ) .
 A JVM   is distributed  

 This system of école libre ( Free Schooling ) is mostly used not for religious reasons , but for practical reasons ( private schools may offer more services , such as after-class tutoring ) as well as the desire of parents living in disenfranchised areas to send School choice children away from the local schools , where School choice perceive that the youth are too prone to delinquency or have too many difficulties keeping up with schooling requirements that the educational content is bound to suffer .
 the educational content   to suffer  

 The helical nature of the individual flagellar filament is critical for this movement to occur .
 this movement   to occur  

 Achebe 's essay , a landmark in postcolonial discourse , provoked an ongoing debate , and the questions it raised have been addressed in most subsequent literary criticism of Joseph Conrad .
 the questions it raised   have been addressed  

 If Phase (matter) is heated a little over 100 ° C , the transition from liquid to gas will occur not only at the surface , but throughout the liquid volume : the water boils .
 Phase   is heated  

 The establishment of the German colonial empire proceeded smoothly , starting with German New Guinea in 1884 .
 The establishment of the German colonial empire   proceeded smoothly  

 Rejection of xenotransplantated organs is thought to be , in part , the result of natural antibodies circulating in the serum of the recipient binding to α-Gal antigens expressed on the donor tissue .
 α-Gal antigens   expressed  

 After Skanderbeg died , the final act of Mehmed II Albanian campaigns was the troublesome siege of Shkodra in 1478-9 , the final siege that Mehmed II led personally and of which early Ottoman chronicler Aşıkpaşazade ( 1400 -- 81 ) wrote , `` All the conquests of Sultan Mehmed were fulfilled with the seizure of Shkodra '' .
 Skanderbeg   died  

 The vertical positions of each mark on the staff indicated which pitch or pitches Musical notation represented ( pitches were derived from a musical mode .
 which pitch or pitches Musical notation   represented  

 Elevator In addition Tailplane helps adjust for changes in the center of lift , and center of gravity caused by changes in speed and attitude , or when fuel is burned off , or when cargo or payload is dropped from the aircraft .
 fuel   is burned off  

 The assumption is that official models were sent out to provincial workshops all over the empire to be copied , with local variations permitted .
 local variations   permitted  

 Because Memory leak can exhaust available system memory as an application runs , memory leaks are often the cause of or a contributing factor to software aging .
 an application   runs  

 J. R. R. Tolkien found the whole experience quite excruciating , but J. R. R. Tolkien grandfather was oblivious .
 the whole experience   quite excruciating  

 Strict macrobiotic diets that include no animal products may result in nutritional deficiencies unless Macrobiotic diet are carefully planned .
 Macrobiotic diet   are carefully planned  

 Chili pepper pods , which are berries , are used fresh or dried .
 Chili pepper pods   dried  

 Most modern historians dismiss this entire period as being beyond what history can know .
 history   can know  

 The choice of starting with a triple or a rock step does have musical consequences as music has phrasing with hits that often happen on 12 , or 24 or 36 ... This means that dancers who choose to start with a rock step you will probably find themselves on a rock step on every new phrase .
 This   means  

 When the Apostle Paul says , `` Predestination is not of him that willeth , '' this means that one 's efforts do not produce what is sought .
 the Apostle Paul   says  

 The introduction in 1990 of a Laparoscopic surgery clip applier with twenty automatically advancing clips ( rather than a single load clip applier that would have to be taken out , reloaded and reintroduced for each clip application ) made general surgeons more comfortable with making the leap to Laparoscopic surgery cholecystectomies ( gall bladder removal ) .
 a single load clip applier   to be taken out  

 Although sections of the main Führerbunker were found , partially destroyed or filled in , another bunker complex was found further north that even the East German authorities had apparently missed , plus other cavities beneath land bordering the east side of Ebertstraße , although these turned out to be underground garages belonging to a former SS accommodation block .
 these   turned out  

 This figure refers to the number of people able to watch Super Bowl , not the number of people actually watching .
 the number of people   actually watching  

 The melodic minor scale , having two forms , presents a tritone in different locations when ascending and descending ( when the scale ascends , Tritone appears between the third and sixth scale degrees and the fourth and seventh scale degrees , and when the scale descends , Tritone appears between the second and sixth scale degrees ) .
 the scale   descends  

 An ostensible coprocessor for the 80486SX , the 80487 was actually a complete 80486DX that disabled and replaced the coprocessorless 80486SX that it was installed to upgrade .
 a complete 80486DX   disabled  

 Scales with a recurring interval pattern smaller than an octave , however , have only as many modes as notes within that subdivision : e.g. , the diminished scale , which is built of alternating whole and half steps , has only two distinct modes , since all odd-numbered modes are equivalent to the first ( starting with a whole step ) and all even-numbered modes are equivalent to the second ( starting with a half step ) .
 the diminished scale , which is built of alternating whole and half steps   has  

 The number of stars does not vary according to the members of either organisation as Flag of Europe are intended to represent all the peoples of Europe , even those outside the EU , but inside the CoE .
 The number of stars   does not vary  

 Although Amstrad CPC are based on the same hardware , the Schneider CPC models differ from the Amstrad CPC models in several details .
 the Schneider CPC models   differ  

 NSAP address addresses do not specify where a network terminal is located .
 a network terminal   is located  

 Both Serbia and Greece , as well as Bulgaria , started to prepare for a final war of partition .
 Both Serbia and Greece , as well as Bulgaria   started  

 With a better understanding of Nilo-Saharan classifiers , and the affixes or number marking Nilo-Saharan languages have developed into in various branches , Blench believes that all of the families postulated as Nilo-Saharan belong together .
 all of the families   belong together  

 For space reasons , Etruscan is not included , but the fact that Nostratic languages had / mi / ` I ' and / mini / ` me ' seems to fit the pattern reconstructed for Proto-Nostratic ideally , leading some to argue that the Aegean or Tyrsenian languages were yet another Nostratic branch .
 me   to fit  

 Among Phalaris alleged atrocities is cannibalism : Phalaris was said to have eaten suckling babies .
 Phalaris   was said  

 On the slopes of Slievemore , there is an abandoned village ( the `` Deserted Village '' ) The Deserted Village is traditionally thought to be a remnant village from An Gorta Mór ( The Great Hunger of 1845-1849 ) .
 The Deserted Village   is traditionally thought  

 The landowners attached to Wallingford , for example , were responsible for producing and feeding 2,400 men , the number sufficient for maintaining 9900 ft of wall .
 The landowners   attached  

 In the same way , the King does not have supreme liberty in the exercise of the aforementioned functions ; all of these are framed , limited or exercised `` according to the constitution and laws '' , or following requests of the executive or authorizations of the legislature .
 all of these   exercised  

 Shanghai cuisine people are known to eat in delicate portions so servings are usually quite small .
 Shanghai cuisine people   are known  

 A live action show called Pokémon Live !
 A live action show called Pokémon   Live  

 The oldest preserved parts of the text are not thought to be much older than around 400 BCE , though the origins of the epic probably fall between the 8th and 9th centuries BCE .
 The oldest preserved parts of the text   are not thought  

 One argument involves the oath sworn by the Greek allies before the Battle of Plataea in 479 BC declaring that the sanctuaries destroyed by the Persians would not be rebuilt , an oath from which the Athenians were only absolved with the Peace of Callias in 450 .
 the sanctuaries destroyed by the Persians   would not be rebuilt  

 Assad 's government was accustomed to working without Hafez al-Assad direct involvement in day-to-day affairs .
 Assad 's government   to working  

 Another example is cited by the University of Kansas website , which describes the 1961 Bluebonnet Bowl , won by KU , and goes on to say `` Two Kansas players , quarterback John Hadl and fullback Curtis McClinton , signed professional contracts on the field immediately after the conclusion of the game .
 Another example   goes on  

 The show caused Steven Soderbergh stir during the 2004 Democratic Primary when Carville gave candidate Howard Dean a soundbite during a location shoot that Dean then used in a debate .
 Steven Soderbergh   stir  

 In 1569 , Adam Bothwell , the commendator of Holyrood , informed the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland that the east end was in such a state of disrepair that the choir and transept should be demolished .
 the choir and transept   should be demolished  

 He was acting under the authority given to him by Reichsmarschall Göring in a letter dated July 31 , 1941 .
 He   was acting  

 The common use of dwarf to mean main sequence is confusing in another way , because there are dwarf stars which are not main-sequence stars .
 The common use of dwarf   to mean  

 The original Odyssey had a number of removable circuit cards that switched between the built-in games , of which there were ten in Europe .
 removable circuit cards   switched  

 `` James L. Jones does not appear to be a natural antagonist of anyone else on the team '' .
 James L. Jones   does not appear  

 In single-story applications these systems are able to transmit 50 % of the direct sunlight received .
 the direct sunlight   received  

 In other words , Pi is impossible to construct , using compass and straightedge alone , a square whose area is equal to the area of a given circle .
 Pi   to construct  

 At this time , Stephen King began writing a book titled Second Coming , later titled Jerusalem 's Lot , before finally changing the title to ` Salem 's Lot ( published 1975 ) .
 Second   Coming  

 The somewhat confusing terminology seems to be due to attempts to deal with the comparatively fine subdivisions of time possible in the relatively recent geologic past , when more information is preserved .
 The somewhat confusing terminology   seems  

 For instance , since the last six verses of Revelation were missing from Desiderius Erasmus Greek manuscript , Erasmus translated the Vulgate 's text back into Greek .
 the last six verses of Revelation   were missing  

 Honeybees are said to be polyandrous because a queen typically mates with multiple males , even though mating is the only interaction that Polyandry have ( the males die off , while the queen uses stored sperm for eggs she fertilizes ) .
 Honeybees   are said  

 It is such a character that Anne Brontë portrays in Edward Weston , and that Anne Brontë heroine Agnes Grey finds deeply appealing .
 Agnes Grey   finds deeply appealing  

 Richard Payne Knight discussed Pan (god) in his Discourse on the Worship of Priapus ( 1786 ) as a symbol of creation expressed through sexuality .
 creation   expressed  

 Now this radiation has undergone enough cosmological red shift to put Electromagnetic spectrum into the microwave region of the spectrum for observers moving slowly ( compared to the speed of light ) with respect to the cosmos .
 observers   moving slowly  

 The passage of the Statute was initially much welcomed , ushering in `` stability to an insecure book trade '' while providing for a `` pragmatic bargain '' between the rights of the author , publisher and public intended to boost public learning and the availability of knowledge .
 The passage of the Statute   welcomed  

 If when smelted , a certain portion be added to tin , a bookseller 's alloy is produced from which the type is made that is used by those who print books on paper .
 the type   is made  

 The nearest allies of Anoa appear to be certain extinct buffaloes , the remains of which are found in the Siwalik Hills of northern India .
 The nearest allies of Anoa   appear  

 When a station was tuned , the motor stopped .
 a station   was tuned  

 The biblical regulations pertaining to the original Passover ( at the time of the Exodus only , also include how the meal was to be eaten : `` with your loins girded , your shoes on your feet , and your staff in your hand ; and ye shall eat Passover in haste : Passover is the LORD 's passover '' .
 your loins   girded  

 An asymptotically normal estimator is a consistent estimator whose distribution around the true parameter θ approaches a normal distribution with standard deviation shrinking in proportion to as the sample size n grows .
 standard deviation   shrinking  

 LETS schemes , Local Exchange Trading Systems is proposed , could reinflate the internal Greek economy , allowing internal trade to be maintained even if internationally traded currency reserves are being drained for debt repayment .
 Local Exchange Trading Systems   is proposed  

 The uncertainty about what would happen after Henry 's death continued to grow ; Richard was keen to join a new crusade and remained concerned that whilst John, King of England was away Henry would appoint John John, King of England formal successor .
 The uncertainty about what would happen after Henry 's death   continued  

 As Commandant of the Marine Corps , General Krulak had a habit of always taking a few minutes when visiting Marine units to mingle with the junior ranking enlisted Marines , earning Charles C. Krulak much respect and popularity , but much to the chagrin of Charles C. Krulak bodyguards who were always supposed to be within an arm 's distance of the Commandant .
 Commandant of the Marine Corps , General Krulak   had  

 In addition to Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford poem , Oxford also contributed a commendatory letter setting forth the reasons why Bedingfield should publish .
 Bedingfield   should publish  

 In 2010 , IIT received the Princeton Review 's highest sustainability rating among universities in Illinois , tied with the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign .
 the Princeton Review 's highest sustainability rating among universities in Illinois   tied  

 Pakistan is the 36th largest nation by total area , although this ranking varies depending on how the disputed territory of Kashmir is counted .
 this ranking   varies  

 Joel Marangella is an American oboist who has performed in concert with many of the world 's leading orchestras .
 an American oboist   has performed  

 And yet if any should be dug up , Metal would be a proper metal .
 any   should be dug up  

 While the Eteocretan language is believed to be a descendant of Minoan , there is not enough source material in either language to allow conclusions to be made .
 the Eteocretan language   is believed  

 Shell sort has `` natural '' behavior , in that Shell sort executes faster when the input is partially sorted .
 the input   is partially sorted  

 During this period , Miller became one of the founding members of the comic imprint Legend , under which many of Frank Miller (comics) Sin City works were released , via Dark Horse .
 Sin City works   were released  

 Noble Eightfold Path is an ethical livelihood , `` wealth obtained through rightful means '' ( Bhikku Basnagoda Rahula ) .
 wealth   obtained  

 Nintendo 64 is Nintendo 's last home console to use ROM cartridges to store games ( Nintendo switched to a MiniDVD-based format for the successor GameCube ) ; handhelds in the Game Boy line , however , continued to use Game Paks .
 handhelds in the Game Boy line   continued  

 As WiseGeek says , `` watching , reading , and interacting with a nation 's mass media can provide clues into how people think , especially if a diverse assortment of Mass media sources are perused '' .
 people   think  

 In this post , Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky invited many international celebrities to conduct , including Johannes Brahms , Antonín Dvořák and Jules Massenet , although not all of them accepted .
 not all of them   accepted  

 In the Babylonian Talmud ( BT ) , Kiddushin 7a , Polygamy states , `` Raba said : If a man declares , ′ Be thou betrothed to half of me , ′ she is betrothed : ′ half of thee be betrothed to me , ′ she is not betrothed .
 a man   declares  

 The Mishnah says ( Pes. 10:1 ) that even the poorest man in Israel has an obligation to drink .
 an obligation   to drink  

 However , the Hungarian King maintained a de jure suzerainty over Wallachia until the diplomatic disputes had been solved .
 the diplomatic disputes   had been solved  

 While she stays at home raising their daughter Rose , Amelia metamorphoses from spoiled brat to mature and responsible mother , whereas her husband loses all interest in the housewife he now realizes he has married .
 he   has married  

 A 1968 referendum approved a constitution making Maldives a republic with executive , legislative , and judicial branches of government .
 a constitution   making  

 The Band Wagon is a 1953 musical comedy film that many critics rank , along with Singin ' in the Rain , as the finest of the MGM musicals , although it was only a modest box-office success .
 a 1953 musical comedy film   rank  

 The lowest-energy atomic orbitals , 1s ' and 1s '' , do not transform according to the symmetries of the molecule .
 1s ' and 1s   do not transform  

 The majority of those who voted no were Somalis who were strongly in favour of joining a united Somalia , as had been proposed by Mahmoud Harbi , Vice President of the Government Council .
 those   voted  

 An example of this is that during a down time of jazz dancing from 1945 -- 1954 , when big bands and dance halls were declining , the vernacular of Jazz dance followed less jazz music and leaned more toward rock and roll , creating moves like `` The Monkey '' and `` The Jerk '' .
 big bands and dance halls   were declining  

 Apart from the decreased calcium influx , there is also a disruption of active zone vesicle release sites , which is also thought to be antibody-dependent since LEMS patients have antibodies to components of these active zones ( including voltage-dependent calcium channels ) .
 active zone vesicle release sites   is also thought  

 Possible exceptions , Chadwick goes on to explain , include the two diphthongs , ( ai ) and ( au ) , as in Ai-ku-pi-ti-jo for Aiguptios and Au-ke-wa for Augewās .
 Chadwick   goes on  

 The bomb was somewhat more powerful than the `` Little Boy '' bomb dropped over Hiroshima , but because of Nagasaki more uneven terrain , the damage caused was of a lesser degree .
 the `` Little Boy '' bomb   dropped  

 Unfortunate players receiving such a fractional pot call Split (poker) being quartered .
 Unfortunate players receiving such a fractional pot call Split (poker)   being quartered  

 In Equatorial Guinea , Spanish is the predominant language when native and non-native speakers ( around 500,000 people ) are counted , while Fang is the most spoken language by number of native speakers .
 native and non-native speakers   are counted  

 He and Lois would have several on and off experiences together before the relationship completely disintegrated , due to Delgado accepting help from a Lexcorp subsidiary ARL and Lois ' attraction to Superman with whom Delgado felt he had to compete .
 he   to compete  

 Bloch was trying to reinvent history as a social science , but Marc Bloch departed significantly from Durkheim in Marc Bloch refusal to exclude psychology from history ; Bloch maintained that the individual actor should be considered along with social forces .
 the individual actor   should be considered  

 Match Race involves the two players going head to head on a track of their choosing without any opponents .
 their   choosing  

 And those events which have happened , and those which are happening , compel you to assent to the utterances made by them ' '' .
 those events   have happened  

 The late film critic , Pauline Kael , who had championed Spielberg 's films in the 1970s , expressed disappointment in Steven Spielberg later development , stating that `` Steven Spielberg 's become , Steven Spielberg think , a very bad director ...
 Steven Spielberg   think  

 Cleese remarks that Cheese Shop sketch is not much of a cheese shop , but Palin insists Cheese Shop sketch is the best in the district due to Cheese Shop sketch cleanliness , to which Cleese replies `` Well , Cheese Shop sketch 's certainly uncontaminated by cheese '' .
 Cleese   replies  

 Peter Singer has stated that threats were made to Adolf Hübner , then the president of the Austrian Ludwig Wittgenstein Society , that the conference would be disrupted if Peter Singer and Meggle were given a platform .
 the conference   would be disrupted  

 Kerouac 's fame came as an unmanageable surge that would ultimately be Jack Kerouac undoing .
 Jack Kerouac   undoing  

 Distinguished goldsmiths continued to flourish , however , as wealthier patrons sought to ensure that what Jewellery wore still stood apart from the jewellery of the masses , not only through use of precious metals and stones but also though superior artistic and technical work .
 Jewellery   wore  

 Intriguing little pieces of the real 1959 turn up : a magazine article on Marilyn Monroe , a telephone book with non-operational exchanges listed and radios hidden away in someone else 's house .
 Intriguing little pieces of the real 1959   turn up  

 The name `` marinara sauce '' became a misnomenclature for napoli sauce or salsa Napolitana when Neapolitan sauce was the first tomato-based pasta sauce popularized in the US , followed by the explosion in popularity of Italian cuisine .
 the first tomato-based pasta sauce popularized in the US   followed  

 This is despite the fact that there are variants of Western non-conventional medicine that arose in the late-eighteenth century or earlier and some non-Western medical traditions , currently considered alternative in the West and elsewhere , which boast extended historical pedigrees .
 This   is  

 Predestination in this sense takes on a very literal meaning : pre - ( before ) and destiny , in a straightforward way indicating that some events seem bound to happen .
 some events   seem bound  

 However , the excavations of the 1980s suggested that there was probably an enclosed hill fort on Edinburgh Castle , although only the fringes of the site were excavated .
 only the fringes of the site   were excavated  

 This proved fairly successful due to the simplicity of the core , which allowed MIPS architecture to be used in a number of applications that would have formerly used much less capable CISC designs of similar gate count and price -- the two are strongly related ; the price of a CPU is generally related to the number of gates and the number of external pins .
 the two   are strongly related  

 If the French crown was to bestow or grant new lands to nobles , Philip declared , they would usually be given only from the second source : this was a double-edged announcement , at once reinforcing the core , unalienable powers of the crown , whilst also reassuring nobles that their lands were sacrosanct unless they were forfeited to the crown in punishment for a crime or misdemeanour .
 they   would usually be given  

 In 2006 the new port is to open : Ngqura , at Coega , which is 20 km northeast of Port Elizabeth .
 the new port   to open  

 The pterathorax is the fused meso - and metathorax , which are commonly separate in other insect species , although flexibly articulate from the prothorax .
 The pterathorax   is  

 In his remarks , Bush stated , `` One reason To Kill a Mockingbird succeeded is the wise and kind heart of the author , which comes through on every page ... To Kill a Mockingbird has influenced the character of our country for the better .
 a Mockingbird   succeeded  

 By putting a relatively thin layer of steel armor above the vital parts of the ship , and by placing the coal bunkers where Cruiser might stop shellfire , a useful degree of protection could be achieved without slowing the ship too much .
 Cruiser   might stop  

 It is not known what name the ancient Olmec used for themselves ; some later Mesoamerican accounts seem to refer to the ancient Olmec as `` Tamoanchan '' .
 It   is not known  

 The greatest earthquake in Australia 's history is also claimed to be induced by humanity , through coal mining .
 The greatest earthquake in Australia 's history   is also claimed  

 This city is the location of the 1961 discovery of the Pilate Stone , the only archaeological item that mentions the Roman prefect Pontius Pilate , by whose order Jesus was crucified .
 Jesus   was crucified  

 But John Wycliffe entered the politics of the day with John Wycliffe great work De civili dominio .
 De   civili dominio  

 Search authority during a Terry stop ( investigatory stop ) is limited to weapons only .
 investigatory   stop  

 Doggerland , as well as Viking Bergen Island , is thought to have been flooded by a tsunami following the Storegga slide c. 6100 BCE .
 Doggerland , as well as Viking Bergen Island   is thought  

 While the bodies that proposed , argued , agreed upon and ultimately adopted existing international agreements vary according to each agreement , certain conferences , including 1972 's United Nations Conference on the Human Environment , 1983 's World Commission on Environment and Development , 1992 's United Nations Conference on Environment and Development and 2002 's World Summit on Sustainable Development have been particularly important .
 the bodies   proposed  

 Approximately half of the Greek Old Testament ( or Septuagint ) survived , along with a complete New Testament , plus the Epistle of Barnabas , and portions of The Shepherd of Hermas .
 Approximately half of the Greek Old Testament ( or Septuagint   survived  

 One hallmark of Aeschylean dramaturgy appears to have been Aeschylus tendency to write connected trilogies , in which each play serves as a chapter in a continuous dramatic narrative .
 One hallmark of Aeschylean dramaturgy   appears  

 In December 1994 , following the leaking to the press of news of a fresh investigation by Milan magistrates , Umberto Bossi , leader of the Lega Nord , left the coalition claiming that the electoral pact had not been respected , forcing Silvio Berlusconi to resign from office and shifting the majority 's weight to the centre-left .
 the electoral pact   had not been respected  

 Charles ' reputation was of great significance for posterity , especially as Charles V of France conception of governance was one that courtiers wished Charles V of France successors could follow .
 Charles V of France successors   could follow  

 There is no firm date for when the changeover occurred , as the replacement of the sea bed is a continuous process , though reconstruction maps often change the name from Panthalassic to Pacific Ocean around the time the Atlantic Ocean began to open .
 the changeover   occurred  

 Muzio Attendolo ( 1369 -- 1424 ) , called Sforza ( from sforzare , to exert or force ) , founded the dynasty .
 Muzio Attendolo   to exert  

 All the modern members of the family are transposing instruments written in the treble clef with the root note produced by the second partial with no valves actuated being written as middle C , though baritone horn often plays bass clef parts , especially those written for the trombone .
 no valves   actuated  

 Jorge Luis Borges shall risk this conjecture : Hitler wants to be defeated .
 Hitler   to be defeated  

 This monopoly , which lasted for a considerable time , helped Newcastle upon Tyne prosper and develop into a major town .
 Newcastle   prosper  

 Defined in As MIME name implies , multipart/form-data is used to express values submitted through a form .
 MIME name   implies  

 South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands has been confused with Pepys Island , discovered by Dampier and Cowley in 1683 , but this proved to be a phantom island .
 this   proved  

 For example , many Uralic peoples live now outside Siberia , however the original location of the Proto-Uralic peoples ( and its extent ) is debated .
 many Uralic peoples   is debated  

 Before any law is passed , Politics of Singapore is first introduced in parliament as a draft known as a bill .
 any law   is passed  

 Photius , writing in the 9th century , found various text appended to manuscripts of the seven canonical books , which lead Daniel Heinsius to suggest that the original eighth book is lost , and Clement of Alexandria identified the text purported to be from the eighth book as fragments of the Hypopotoses .
 the original eighth book   is lost  

 The writer Adam Roberts , in an essay for The Guardian titled `` Jules Verne deserves a better translation service , '' commented : `` Jules Verne 'd always liked reading Jules Verne and Jules Verne 've read most of Jules Verne novels ; but it was n't until recently that Jules Verne really understood Jules Verne had n't been reading Jules Verne at all .
 an essay for The Guardian   titled  

 The club performed Toastmasters International intended purpose as leadership and speech improved in the other educational groups with which these young men were associated .
 leadership and speech   improved  

 After some losses before the council , Calvin believed John Calvin was defeated ; on 24 July 1553 John Calvin asked the council to allow John Calvin to resign .
 John Calvin   was defeated  

 The country has appeared indecisive about Yemen ; in January the government was openly frustrated with President Ali Abdullah Saleh but there was a marked change in Foreign relations of Saudi Arabia approach in April to one of detailed analysis of the situation and private discussions over whom Foreign relations of Saudi Arabia should publicly support .
 Foreign relations of Saudi Arabia   should publicly support  

 A third network operates across the public health services provided in three Sydney facilities operated by St Vincent 's Health : these include St Vincent 's Hospital and the Sacred Heart Hospice at Darlinghurst and St Joseph 's at Auburn .
 A third network   operates  

 Ciliary muscles around the lens allow the eye 's focus to be adjusted .
 the eye 's focus   to be adjusted  

 Freud , based on the data gathered from his patients early in his career , suspected that neurotic disturbances occurred when children were sexually abused in childhood ( the so-called seduction theory ) .
 children   were sexually abused  

 These guards , called express messengers , became known as shotgun messengers , since Shotgun rode with the weapon ( loaded with buckshot ) for defense against bandits .
 Shotgun   rode  

 Bonnet had Havas issued a statement at midnight on 1 September saying : `` The French government has today , as have several other Governments , received an Italian proposal looking to the resolution of Europe 's difficulties .
 Bonnet   had  

 This represents the power of the financial markets : in the long-run firms need to earn normal profits or Satisficing die ( as Armen Alchian once said `` This is the criterion by which the economic system selects survivors : those who realize positive proﬁts are the survivors ; those who suffer losses disappear '' ) .
 those who suffer losses   disappear  

 Sonority hierarchy is a ranking of speech sounds .
 Sonority hierarchy is a ranking of speech   sounds  

 This practice discouraged offensive battle tactics because English longbow was most effective when an opposing army charged .
 an opposing army   charged  

 Aldine Press was continued after Aldus 's death in 1515 by his wife and her father until his son Paolo ( 1512 -- 1574 ) took over .
 his son   took over  

 While Eve is away Leonard fires her gun at Vandamm , demonstrating the shooting was faked .
 the shooting   was faked  

 Mangin 's design for the gardens , which proposed replacing the landscaped mounds and paths of the 1980s design with a simplified pattern of east-west pedestrian promenades and a large central lawn , was selected .
 Mangin 's design for the gardens   was selected  

 These proofs effectively laid to rest the notion that the PNT was `` deep , '' and showed that technically `` elementary '' methods ( in other words Peano arithmetic ) were more powerful than had been believed to be the case .
 the PNT   was  

 Here Dale County, Alabama remained until 1870 when , following a courthouse fire in 1869 and the formation of Geneva County ( which took the southern third of Dale County ) , the county seat was moved to the town of Ozark , where it remains .
 it   remains  

 An alternative division into 20 parvas appears to have co-existed for some time .
 An alternative division into 20 parvas   appears  

 However , Algiers continued to be of comparatively little importance until after the expulsion of the Moors from Spain , many of whom sought asylum in the city .
 Algiers   continued  

 Although Shanghai cuisine appears delicate , a good xiaolongbao is able to hold in the soup until Shanghai cuisine is bitten .
 Shanghai cuisine   appears  

 ASEAN in general , and Malaysia in particular , has been keen to ensure that the territorial disputes within South China Sea do not escalate into armed conflict .
 the territorial disputes within South China Sea   do not escalate  

 As Dune begins , a longstanding feud exists between the Harkonnens of Giedi Prime and the Atreides of Caladan .
 Dune   begins  

 Oberon is designed to be a ` safe ' language ; Oberon (programming language) employs array bounds checking , garbage collection and strong type checking .
 array bounds   checking  

 The set of values for which F ( s ) converges absolutely is either of the form Re ( s ) > a or else Re ( s ) ≥ a , where a is an extended real constant , − ∞ ≤ a ≤ ∞ .
 F ( s   converges absolutely  

 Only two of the natural atoms , carbon and silicon , are known to serve as the backbones of molecules sufficiently large to carry biological information .
 Only two of the natural atoms , carbon and silicon   are known  

 The Natural Law Party ( NLP ) was a transnational party `` founded on the principles of Transcendental Meditation `` Cowan , Douglas E. and Bromley , David G. ( 2008 ) Blackwell Publishing , Cults and New Religions : A Brief History page 48 the laws of nature , and their application to all levels of government .
 a transnational party   founded  

 Abdur Rahman Khan investment with the insignia of the highest grade of the Order of the Star of India appeared to give Abdur Rahman Khan much pleasure .
 Abdur Rahman Khan investment with the insignia of the highest grade of the Order of the Star of India   appeared  

 Predestination is the usual English language rendering of a belief that Muslims call al-qada wa al-qadar in Arabic .
 the usual English language   rendering  

 Granulate pressing , also known as dust pressing , is widely used in the manufacture of ceramic tiles and , increasingly , of plates .
 Granulate   pressing  

 When the raven responds with The Raven typical `` Nevermore '' , he is enraged , and , calling The Raven a liar , commands the bird to return to the `` Plutonian shore '' , - but The Raven does not move .
 The Raven   does not move  

 Sexual selection is predominantly when two opposing males are so closely matched , as would be found in males not having established themselves in a dominance hierarchy , that asymmetries can not be found and the confrontation escalates to a point where the asymmetries must be proved by aggressive use of ornamentation .
 two opposing males   so closely matched  

 Some indeed maintain that this was done because of piety or religion ( pia reliogiosaque ) : the reason being , they say , that Hadrian wanted to extend Antinous own life-span by any means , and when the magicians demanded a volunteer to substitute for Antinous , everyone declined , but Antinous offered Antinous - hence the aforementioned honours done to Antinous .
 everyone   declined  

 These are the grand sepulchres built by ambition ; but by the ambition of an insatiable benevolence , which , not contented with reigning in the dispensation of happiness during the contracted term of human life , had strained , with all the reachings and graspings of a vivacious mind , to extend the dominion of their bounty beyond the limits of nature , and to perpetuate themselves through generations of generations , the guardians , the protectors , the nourishers of mankind .
 the grand sepulchres   built  

 On being offered the dukedom of Gelderland by the States of that province , William III let the offer lapse as liable to raise too much opposition in the other provinces .
 the offer   lapse  

 Another common name was `` shepherd '' , as kings had to look after their people .
 kings   to look  

 Gordon , who had been appointed by James VII as a fellow Catholic , refused .
 Gordon   refused  

 Even in diploid organisms , many somatic cells are polyploid due to a process called endoreduplication where duplication of the genome occurs without mitosis ( cell division ) .
 duplication of the genome   occurs  

 Although a wide diversity of ideas currently exists among chiropractors , Chiropractic share the belief that the spine and health are related in a fundamental way , and that this relationship is mediated through the nervous system .
 this relationship   is mediated  

 10 Hygiea , however , which appears to have a uniformly primitive composition of carbonaceous chondrite , is thought to be the largest undifferentiated asteroid .
 10 Hygiea , however   appears  

 The way this plays out is that after supply shock occurs , the economy will first try to maintain momentum -- that is , consumers and businesses will begin paying higher prices in order to maintain their level of demand .
 supply shock   occurs  

 In the same way , the King does not have supreme liberty in the exercise of the aforementioned functions ; all of these are framed , limited or exercised `` according to the constitution and laws '' , or following requests of the executive or authorizations of the legislature .
 all of these   limited  

 Sextus Julius Africanus appears to have known Abgar VIII , the Christian King of Edessa ( 176 -- 213 ) .
 Sextus Julius Africanus   appears  

 Coding regions are composed of codons , which are decoded and translated ( in eukaryotes usually into one and in prokaryotes usually into several ) into proteins by the ribosome .
 codons   translated  

 Ohio botanist William B. Werthner , discussing the contrast between open-grown and forest-grown American elms , noted that : In the open , with an abundance of air and light , the main trunk divides into several leading branches which leave the trunk at a sharp angle and continue to grow upward , gradually diverging , dividing and subdividing into long , flexible branchlets whose ends , at last , float lightly in the air , giving the tree a round , somewhat flattened top of beautifully regular proportions and characteristically fine twiggery .
 several leading branches   continue  

 The problem with that was Eric Clapton had bonded or was developing a relationship with George , exclusive of them .
 Eric Clapton   had bonded  

 This new deal would increase these capabilities , as an advanced American military infrastructure is about to be built .
 an advanced American military infrastructure   to be built  

 Robert Borthwick and a Frenchman , Antoine d'Arces , were involved in designing new artillery defences and fortifications in 1514 , although little work appears to have been carried out .
 little work   appears  

 Gentile government was strengthened by the city 's refoundation under Herod the Great ( r. 37 -- 4 BC ) , when it had taken on the name of Augustus Caesar .
 it   had taken  

 Of the nation 's children in 2050 , 62 % are expected to be of a minority ethnicity , up from 44 % today .
 62 %   are expected  

 For Freud , emotion was always sexual , derived from a dangerous Id that must be surgically uprooted : `` Where Id was Wo es war , '' Freud said famously , `` there ego shall be soll ich werden '' ( S.E.
 a dangerous Id   must be surgically uprooted  

 Almost all of the smaller islands of the Pacific Ocean lie between 30 ° N and 30 ° S , extending from Southeast Asia to Easter Island ; the rest of Pacific Ocean is almost entirely submerged .
 the rest of Pacific Ocean   almost entirely submerged  

 When emulators of 1980s video game consoles began to appear on home computers in the late 1990s , Atari 7800 was one of the last to be emulated .
 emulators of 1980s video game consoles   began  

 Virtual Boy is a table-top video game console developed and manufactured by Nintendo .
 a table-top video game console   developed  

 Although the Liberals had been previously indecisive on the question of nuclear weapons , on January 12 , Pearson made a speech stating that the government should live up to the commitments it had made .
 it   had made  

 He was replaced by the first woman PM in history of Slovenia , Alenka Bratušek , after the official anti-corruption agency 's Report on the Parliamentary Parties ' Leaders was issued .
 the official anti-corruption agency 's Report on the Parliamentary Parties ' Leaders   was issued  

 Bullock was born in Arlington , Virginia , a suburb of Washington , D.C. Sandra Bullock father , John W. Bullock ( born 1925 ) , was a United States Army employee and part-time voice coach from Birmingham , Alabama ; and Sandra Bullock mother , Helga D. Meyer ( 1942 -- 2000 ) , was a German opera singer and voice teacher .
 John W. Bullock   born  

 A menorah similar to the Menorah used in the Mishkan is now used during the holiday of Hanukkah that celebrates the miracle of the last of such containers being found during the re-dedication of the Temple ( 163 BC ) , when Olive oil contents lasted for far longer than Olive oil were expected to , allowing more time for more oil to be made .
 more oil   to be made  

 Of the groups affiliated with al-Qaida , Osama bin Laden condemned Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan for an attack on members of a hostile tribe , declaring that `` the operation is not justified , as there were casualties of noncombatants '' .
 the operation   is not justified  

 In the 880s , at the same time that Alfred the Great was `` cajoling and threatening '' Alfred the Great nobles to build and man the burhs , Alfred , perhaps inspired by the example of Charlemagne almost a century before , undertook an equally ambitious effort to revive learning .
 threatening   Alfred  

 London Borough of Croydon is metal working .
 metal   working  

 Further expansion of the high-speed rail network in Europe , such as the HSL-Zuid line between Belgium and the Netherlands , continues to bring more destinations within rail-competitive range , giving Eurostar the possibility of opening up new services in future .
 Further expansion of the high-speed rail network in Europe , such as the HSL-Zuid line between Belgium and the Netherlands   continues  

 However , only one child , the eldest , survived to adulthood : Louis , le Grand Dauphin , known as Monseigneur .
 only one child   survived  

 It can be shown that for the output of Markov information sources , Kolmogorov complexity complexity is related to the entropy of the information source .
 It   can be shown  

 However , while the geological feature , Hanging Rock , and the several towns mentioned are actual places near Mount Macedon , Picnic at Hanging Rock (novel) is not completely true .
 the several towns   mentioned  

 The CCTV camera placed in the area was also found to have been nonfunctioning for several days prior to the shooting .
 The CCTV camera   was also found  

 In post-apartheid South Africa , punk has attracted a greater number of white middle-class males.It 's my home Punk subculture 's where I 'll stay and where I belong I did n't choose to be here I was born I might seem out of place but everything I hold dear is under the African sun .
 I   'll stay  

 When the notrump bidder 's partner does not invoke Stayman convention but instead calls 2 Hearts or 2 Spades , it is a sign of relative weakness , the contract would likely be set .
 the contract   would likely be set  

 With only 20 aircraft built , the development of Concorde was a substantial economic loss ; Air France and British Airways also received considerable government subsidies to purchase them .
 only 20 aircraft   built  

 Previously recycled resins are coded with an `` R '' prefix ( for example , a PETE bottle made of recycled resin could be marked as RPETE using same numbering ) .
 Previously recycled resins   are coded  

 The caste structure was rigid ; in the Saxons language the three castes , excluding slaves , were called the edhilingui ( related to the term aetheling ) , frilingi , and lazzi .
 the term   aetheling  

 What most of Left Behind does not realize is that Carpathia is actually the Antichrist foretold from the Bible .
 most of Left Behind   does not realize  

 Many clergy and lay people of Utrecht did not want to become one more formerly autonomous jurisdiction now under Roman control , however , many did .
 many   did  

 In Oliver Cromwell speech at the opening of the assembly on 4 July 1653 , Cromwell thanked God 's providence that Oliver Cromwell believed had brought England to this point and set out their divine mission : `` truly God hath called you to this work by , Oliver Cromwell think , as wonderful providences as ever passed upon the sons of men in so short a time '' .
 Oliver Cromwell   think  

 Senegal has a wide variety of ethnic groups and , as in most West African countries , several languages are widely spoken .
 several languages   are widely spoken  

 Music and chanting were both important parts of Ginsberg 's live delivery during poetry readings .
 Music   chanting  

 Though Pierre Trudeau rarely gave speeches or spoke to the press , Pierre Trudeau interventions into public debate had a significant impact when they occurred .
 they   occurred  

 The Shtokavian dialect literature , based almost exclusively on Chakavian original texts of religious provenance ( missals , breviaries , prayer books ) appeared almost a century later .
 The Shtokavian dialect literature   based almost exclusively  

 Nitsche agrees that pre-recorded ( `` reel '' ) machinima tends to be linear and offers limited interactive storytelling ; he sees more opportunities in machinima performed live and with audience interaction .
 more opportunities in machinima   performed  

 The alternative hypothesis is the desired outcome , e.g. , that the drug does better than chance .
 the drug   does better  

 When Charles VI died , Charles VI of France was succeeded by Charles VI of France son Charles VII , who found the Valois cause in a desperate situation .
 Charles VI   died  

 The stationary state is , according to Joseph Schumpeter , described by Walrasian equilibrium .
 The stationary state   is  

 Macedonia (region) was liberated in 1944 , when the Red Army 's advance in the Balkan Peninsula forced the German forces to retreat .
 the German forces   to retreat  

 Aeschylus is the only tragedies allowed to be restaged in subsequent competitions .
 the only tragedies   allowed  

 Other researchers have begun advancing tentative , alternative proposed paths for this in the years since Nanosystems was published .
 Nanosystems   was published  

 Mussorgsky jumped on the bandwagon , calling the Conservatory a place where professors , dressed `` in professional , antimusical togas , first pollute their students ' minds , then seal them with various abominations '' .
 where professors   dressed  

 Perimeters for more general shapes can be calculated as any path with where is the length of Perimeter and is an infinitesimal line element .
 Perimeters for more general shapes   can be calculated  

 Many Canadians , including the staff of the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in St. Marys , Ontario , claim that this was the first documented game of modern baseball , although there appears to be no evidence that the rules used in this game were codified and adopted in other regions .
 the rules used in this game   were codified  

 With the signing of the Treaty of Alfred the Great and Guthrum , an event most commonly held to have taken place around 880 when Guthrum 's people began settling East Anglia , Guthrum was neutralised as a threat .
 the Great and Guthrum , an event   most commonly held  

 Almost all Slovenian inhabitants older than 64 are retired , with no significant difference between the genders .
 Almost all Slovenian inhabitants older than 64   are retired  

 However , the Whitney embedding theorem asserts every surface can in fact be embedded homeomorphically into Euclidean space , in fact into E4 : The extrinsic and intrinsic approaches turn out to be equivalent .
 The extrinsic and intrinsic approaches   turn out  

 Once the time came for Augustine of Hippo students to pay their fees , they simply fled .
 they   simply fled  

 Jon Voight made Jon Voight first foray into television movies , acting in 1991 's Chernobyl : The Final Warning , followed by The Last of Jon Voight Tribe , in 1992 .
 The Final Warning   followed  

 Conductive materials should never be charge referenced unless the topmost layer of the sample has a thick non-conductive film .
 charge   referenced  

 Germain 's nephew Armand-Jacques Lherbette , Marie-Madeline 's son , published some of Germain 's work after Sophie Germain died ( see Work in Philosophy ) .
 Sophie Germain   died  

 The concept of `` unconscious '' is contested because human behavior can be observed while human mental activity has to be inferred .
 human mental activity   to be inferred  

 The most striking differences are between societies that have plentiful sources of artificial light and ones that do not .
 ones   do not  

 In `` Agendas '' , Lex Luthor manipulates Superboy into releasing the other Superman clone Match , so that the locations of Cadmus ' missing Genomorphs could be located .
 the locations of Cadmus ' missing Genomorphs   could be located  

 In non-SI technical work , a gauge pressure of 32 psi is sometimes written as `` 32 psig '' and Pressure as `` 32 psia '' , though the other methods explained above that avoid attaching characters to the unit of pressure are preferred .
 avoid attaching characters to the unit of pressure   are preferred  

 ... following the example of Ayn Rand 's John Galt , Ditko hacked out moneymaking work , saving Steve Ditko care for the crabbed Objectivist screeds Steve Ditko published with tiny presses .
 Ditko   hacked out  

 On 16 October 1946 Joachim von Ribbentrop became the first convicted political appointee to be hanged .
 the first convicted political appointee   to be hanged  

 The 2008 Farm Bill provided for additional farmers to have their claims heard , as 70,000 had filed late in the original program .
 their claims   heard  

 This account is , however , contentious among historians , Assassination being most commonly asserted that he died of natural causes .
 Assassination   most commonly asserted  

 The expansion allowed barges up to 2000 ST to use the Canal .
 The expansion   allowed  

 Some of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky works , such as the Variations on a Rococo Theme , employ a poised `` Classical '' form reminiscent of 18th century composers such as Mozart ( the composer whose work was Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky favorite ) .
 Some of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky   works  

 In Mexico , the First Mexican Empire was the first of two empires created .
 two empires   created  

 The demon is revealed to be a boar god , Nago , corrupted by an iron ball lodged in his body .
 The demon   is revealed  

 The 45 minutes choral work is based on the writings of Indian Spiritual leader Sri Ramakrishna , which seem `` to have genuinely inspired and revived the composer out of Philip Glass old formulas to write something fresh '' , as one critic remarked , whereas another noted that `` The musical style breaks little new ground for Glass , except for the glorious Handelian ending the `` composer 's style ideally fits the devotional text '' .
 the glorious Handelian   ending  

 Winter is from November to February next year , when the northeast monsoon prevailing .
 the northeast monsoon   prevailing  

 Also of note , side-swords used in conjunction with bucklers became so popular that Sword caused the term swashbuckler to be coined .
 side-swords   used  

 In April , John Lennon had produced the Mick Jagger song `` Too Many Cooks ( Spoil the Soup ) '' which was , for contractual reasons , to remain unreleased for more than 30 years .
 Too Many Cooks ( Spoil the Soup   was  

 Lead and follow is an improvised dance .
 Lead   follow  

 Compaq was the second IBM PC compatible , being capable of running all software that would run on an IBM PC .
 all software   would run  

 The Shintoho Company , which existed until 1964 , was named New Toho because it broke off from the original Toho .
 it   broke off  

 In the third movement , Glass re-uses the chaconne as a formal device ; one commentator characterized Philip Glass symphony as one of the composer 's `` most tautly unified works '' The third Symphony was closely followed by a fourth , subtitled Heroes ( 1996 ) , commissioned the American Composers Orchestra .
 The third Symphony   was closely followed  

 In many jurisdictions , conciliar resolutions that have been passed require episcopal assent and/or consent to take force .
 conciliar resolutions   have been passed  

 At first the Tsarevich was more Slavophile than the government , but Alexander III of Russia phlegmatic nature preserved Alexander III of Russia from many exaggerations , and any popular illusions Alexander III of Russia may have imbibed were dispelled by personal observation in Bulgaria , where Alexander III of Russia commanded the left wing of the invading army .
 any popular illusions Alexander III of Russia   may have imbibed  

 Stephen Stephen I of Hungary is closely tied to the Crown of St. Stephen which marks a unique tradition of the Kingdom of Hungary .
 Stephen Stephen I of Hungary   is closely tied  

 The district called Dardania ( within Moesia Superior ) was formed into a special province by Diocletian , with the capital at Naissus .
 The district called Dardania ( within Moesia Superior   was formed  

 Pac-Man sold more than 350,000 arcade cabinets ( retailing at around $ 2400 each ) for $ 1 billion within 18 months ( inflation adjusted : $ 2.4 billion in 2011 ) .
 inflation   adjusted  

 Thus was Darnley 's uniquely ` British ' inheritance put to use at last ... The subsequent release of Darnley into Scotland and the restoration of Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley father at the Scottish Court were part of this policy : the political disaster of the Darnley marriage as yet unforeseen '' .
 Darnley 's uniquely ` British ' inheritance   put  

 The mercy that Christ infused into Mosaic Law underlies the injury tariffs that figure so prominently in barbarian law codes , since Christian synods `` established , through that mercy which Christ taught , that for almost every misdeed at the first offence secular lords might with their permission receive without sin the monetary compensation , which they then fixed '' .
 Christian   established  

 Because of the aura of holiness attached to Louis IX of France memory , many kings of France were called Louis , especially in the Bourbon dynasty , which directly descended from one of Louis IX of France younger sons .
 holiness   attached  

 Ernst Grafenberg , after whom the g-spot is named , published the initial research developing the intrauterine device ( IUD ) .
 the g-spot   is named  

 A main source of detection comes when other research teams in fact fail or get different results .
 A main source of detection   comes  

 As well as supplying material to the BBC World Service , secret lists were compiled of approved journalists and trade unionists to whom material was offered , if not always accepted .
 material   was offered  

 This process can not safely be rushed , and this is why climbers need to spend days ( or even weeks at times ) acclimatising before attempting to climb a high peak .
 This process   can not safely be rushed  

 During 1771 , Edmund Burke wrote a Bill that would have , if passed , given juries the right to determine what was libel .
 a Bill   would have  

 Cèzanne believed that while Paul Cézanne was painting , Paul Cézanne was capturing a moment in time , that once passed , could not come back .
 Paul Cézanne   was painting  

 One appears to be a munition storage area , given what appear to be munitions storage bunkers similar to ones found on normal Air Force Bases .
 One   appears  

 If each consecutive term is strictly greater than the previous term then Sequence is called strictly monotonically increasing .
 Sequence   strictly monotonically increasing  

 Maya Lin parents immigrated to the United States from China in 1949 and settled in Ohio in 1958 , one year before Maya Lin was born .
 Maya Lin   was born  

 Abbassid Era ( 750-1513 ) Abbasids let a revolt against the Umayyads and defeated them in the Battle of the Zab effectively ending their rule in all part of the Empire except Al-Andalus .
 Abbassid Era ( 750-1513 ) Abbasids   let  

 ( The body of Oliver Cromwell daughter was allowed to remain buried in the Abbey .
 The body of Oliver Cromwell daughter   was allowed  

 The normal rule is that if the picker has the jack of diamonds , whether as a result of the deal or picking up the jack in the blind , the picker must play alone .
 the picker   must play alone  

 Paul Cézanne can be said to form the bridge between late 19th-century Impressionism and the early 20th century 's new line of artistic enquiry , Cubism .
 Paul Cézanne   can be said  

 Antonio Salieri late opera based on William Shakespeare 's The Merry Wives of Windsor , Falstaff ossia Le tre burle ( Falstaff , or the Three Tricks ) , ( 1799 ) has found a wider audience in modern times than its original reception promised .
 its original reception   promised  

 More controversially on 30 October 1682 Pope Innocent XI issued an edict by which all the money-lending activities carried out by the Roman Jews were to cease .
 all the money-lending activities carried out by the Roman Jews   to cease  

 As the work of translation progressed , the canon of the Greek Bible expanded .
 the work of translation   progressed  

 Urbanization , mass public education , the presence of numerous foreign workers , and access to new media all affected Saudi values .
 Urbanization   mass  

 Gay film historian Vito Russo , in considering Pretorius , stops short of identifying the character as gay , instead referring to him as `` sissified '' ( `` sissy '' Bride of Frankenstein being Hollywood code for `` homosexual '' ) .
 Gay film historian Vito Russo   stops short  

 In 1991 , Barre 's government collapsed as the Somali Civil War broke out .
 the Somali Civil War   broke out  

 In spite of a relatively long history of this type of dictionary , it is often said to be less developed in a number of respects than Lexicography unilingual counterpart , especially in cases where one of the languages involved is not a major language .
 the languages   involved  

 These cards are illustrated with a special picture series that was born in the times before the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 , when revolutionary movements were awakening all over in Europe .
 These cards   are illustrated  

 The New York Post described Bride of Frankenstein as `` a grotesque , gruesome tale which , of Bride of Frankenstein kind , is swell '' .
 a grotesque , gruesome tale   swell  

 On the first three the depth charges and bombs failed to release , on the fourth he dropped two bombs : The crew of the Liberator were later awarded medals for the alleged sinking of U-156 when they had in fact only sunk two lifeboats .
 the depth charges and bombs   to release  

 Freud 's description of subjective states , involving an unconscious mind full of primal impulses , and counterbalancing self-imposed restrictions , was combined by Carl Jung ( 1875 -- 1961 ) with the idea of the collective unconscious , with which the conscious mind fought or embraced .
 the conscious mind   embraced  

 Producer Deeley made a deal with fellow producer David Puttnam , whose film Midnight Express was nominated , that each would take $ 500 to the ceremony so if one of them won , the winner would give the loser the $ 500 to `` drown his sorrows in style '' .
 one of them   won  

 As Rable explains , `` This contraction of civic vision was more than a crabbed libertarianism ; Confederate States of America represented an increasingly widespread disillusionment with the Confederate experiment '' .
 Rable   explains  

 A new rule was introduced for the 2007 -- 08 season that if the first stoppage of play is an icing , the TV timeout does not occur .
 the TV timeout   does not occur  

 Tom Gunter , retired Corporate Vice President at Motorola , is known as the `` Father of Motorola 68000 '' .
 Tom Gunter   retired  

 Strachey ( 1936 ) stressed that figuring out ways the patient distorted perceptions about the analyst led to understanding what may have been forgotten ( also see Freud 's paper `` Repeating , Remembering , and Working Through '' ) .
 Freud 's paper   Repeating  

 Bentham criticized natural law theory because in his view Naturalistic fallacy was a naturalistic fallacy , claiming that Naturalistic fallacy described how things ought to be instead of how things are .
 things   are  

 South Australia also pioneered an `` InterLETS '' allowing members of one system to trade with members of other systems .
 members of one system   to trade  

 The Ohio 's drainage basin covers , encompassing the easternmost regions of the Mississippi Basin .
 The Ohio 's drainage basin   covers  

 Filming , which began in 1972 , took place at night in some abandoned stables , allowing the production team , which was largely Lynch and some of David Lynch friends , including Sissy Spacek , Jack Fisk , cinematographer Frederick Elmes and sound designer Alan Splet to set up a camera room , green room , editing room , sets as well as a food room and a bathroom .
 Filming   allowing  

 The sole passenger-carrying exception is the Glasgow Subway , an underground metro line that operates on Narrow gauge railway .
 an underground metro line   operates  

 A key point in the Silvio Berlusconi government 's programme was a planned reform of the Italian Constitution , which Silvio Berlusconi considered to be ` inspired by the Soviets ' , an issue the coalition parties themselves initially had significantly different opinions about .
 Silvio Berlusconi   considered  

 Of these apartments , a total of 61,056 apartments ( 88.0 % of the total ) were permanently occupied , while 6,840 apartments ( 9.9 % ) were seasonally occupied and 1,487 apartments ( 2.1 % ) were empty , the construction rate of new housing units was 2.1 new units per 1000 residents .
 6,840 apartments   were seasonally occupied  

 The trophy was found just seven days later wrapped in newspaper at the bottom of a suburban garden hedge in Upper Norwood , South London , by a dog named Pickles .
 The trophy   was found  

 Herpin stated that Philately had been collected and studied for the previous six or seven years and a better name was required for the new hobby than timbromanie , which was disliked .
 timbromanie   was disliked  

 ( B 7.1-8 .2 ) After the exposition of the arche - ἀρχή , i.e. the origin , the necessary part of reality that is understood through reason or logos ( that it Is ) , in the next section , the Way of Appearance/Opinion/Seeming , Parmenides proceeds to explain the structure of the becoming cosmos ( which is an illusion , of course ) that comes from this origin .
 it   Is  

 Maria Qibtia is reported to be another concubine that was gifted to Muhammad by King Maqooqas in response to the letter inviting him towards Islam .
 Maria Qibtia   is reported  

 By constructing a plasmid that contains an antibiotic resistance gene as well as the gene being engineered or expressed , a researcher can ensure that when bacteria replicate , only the copies that carry the plasmid survive .
 the gene   expressed  

 In a later interview Grossman described this sequel 's highlight as `` a giant spaceship shaped like Max 's head '' .
 a giant spaceship   shaped  

 The application of a permutation group to the elements being permuted is called Permutation group group action ; Permutation group has applications in both the study of symmetries , combinatorics and many other branches of mathematics , physics and chemistry .
 the elements   being permuted  

 Growth occurs at the rate of 1 mm per month , a typical seven-month growth run producing Emerald crystals of 7 mm of thickness .
 Growth   occurs  

 Murray Rothbard wrote that the state is `` the organization of robbery systematized and writ large '' and the locus of unscrupulous individuals Rothbard asserted that all services provided by what Murray Rothbard called the `` monopoly system of the corporate state '' could be provided more efficiently by the private sector .
 Murray Rothbard   called  

 In June 2002 , a Brussels Appeals Court rejected the lawsuit because the law was subsequently changed to disallow such lawsuits unless a Belgian citizen is involved .
 a Belgian citizen   is involved  

 Lean was ultimately forced to abandon the project after overseeing casting and the construction of the $ 4 million Bounty replica ; at the last possible moment , actor Mel Gibson brought in David Lean friend Roger Donaldson to direct the film , as producer De Laurentiis did not want to lose the millions David Lean had already put into the project over what David Lean thought was as insignificant a person as the director dropping out .
 a person as the director   dropping out  

 A poor choice of controller can even worsen the stability of the open-loop system , which must normally be avoided .
 the open-loop system   must normally be avoided  

 Mali is reported to be one of the largest recipients of U.S. aid in Africa .
 Mali   is reported  

 A common play would be for David to raise and hope that the button ( the only player who has position on David ) folds .
 David   to raise  

 The helium core of a red giant continues to collapse until Main sequence is entirely supported by electron degeneracy pressure -- a quantum mechanical effect that restricts how closely matter can be compacted .
 The helium core of a red giant   to collapse  

 In Corona , magnetic field lines are normally tied to individual pieces of matter , so that the topology of the magnetic field remains the same : if a particular north and south magnetic pole are connected by a single field line , then even if Corona is stirred or if the magnets are moved around , that field line will continue to connect those particular poles .
 that field line   will continue  

 Wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation , no matter what medium Electromagnetic spectrum are traveling through , are usually quoted in terms of the vacuum wavelength , although this is not always explicitly stated .
 this   explicitly stated  

 Another problem for narrow gauge railways was that Narrow gauge railway lacked the physical space to grow : their cheap construction meant Narrow gauge railway were engineered only for Narrow gauge railway initial traffic demands .
 the physical space   to grow  

 Generally the EPROMs must be removed from equipment to be erased , since EPROM 's not usually practical to build in a UV lamp to erase parts in-circuit .
 equipment   to be erased  

 Spearmint has been studied for antifungal activity ; Mentha spicata essential oil was found to have some antifungal activity , although less than oregano .
 Mentha   spicata  

 In syllogism , the middle term , which is found in both the subject ( minor term ) and is invariably connected with the predicate ( major term ) , is seen as the cause of knowledge .
 the middle term   is invariably connected  

 As a star ages this luminosity increase changes Main sequence position on the HR diagram .
 a star   ages  

 This technique of virtual machines allows applications to run as if Mainframe computer were on physically distinct computers .
 applications   to run  

 When Captain Hook is beaten , Peter Pan kicks him overboard to the open jaws of the waiting crocodile below .
 Captain Hook   is beaten  

 The single known work of Parmenides is a poem , On Nature , which has survived only in fragmentary form .
 Nature   has survived  

 Even so , the patriation was achieved ; the Constitution Act , 1982 was proclaimed by Queen Elizabeth on April 17 , 1982 .
 the patriation   was achieved  

 If Sphere is replaced by an ellipse , and rotated about the major axis , Sphere becomes a prolate spheroid , rotated about the minor axis , an oblate spheroid .
 a prolate spheroid   rotated  

 The Piltdown Man fraud is a case in point : The significance of the bona-fide fossils ' being found was muted for decades because they disagreed with Piltdown Man and the pre-conceived notions that those faked fossils supported .
 the bona-fide fossils '   being found  

 The original inhabitants of Mauritania were the Bafour , presumably a Mande ethnic group , connected to the contemporary Arabized minor social group of Imraguen ( `` fishermen '' ) on the Atlantic coast .
 the Bafour   connected  

 As Japan withdrew , the US sent two ` all-star ' teams , named the ` World Champions ' and the ` U.S. Olympics ' .
 Japan   withdrew  

 Opponents of Microsoft PowerPoint argue that reducing complex issues to bulleted points is detrimental to the decision making process ; in other words , because the amount of information in Microsoft PowerPoint must be condensed , viewing a Microsoft PowerPoint presentation does not give one enough detailed information to make a truly informed decision .
 the amount of information in Microsoft PowerPoint   must be condensed  

 N-ary associativity is a string of length with any n adjacent elements bracketed .
 any n adjacent elements   bracketed  

 Two letters of the word `` Nile '' are crossed out and Frohne suggests that , `` The letters that are wiped out and scribbled over perhaps reflect the acts of historians who have conveniently forgotten that Egyptians were black and blacks were enslaved '' .
 The letters   are wiped out  

 Mitochondrial genomes have far fewer genes than the bacteria from which Mitochondrion are thought to be descended .
 Mitochondrion   to be descended  

 One could calculate relatively easily , from tables , how many games a player would be expected to win based on a comparison of his rating to the ratings of his opponents .
 a player   would be expected  

 In 1766 , when Old Pretender James ( VIII/III ) Edward Stuart died , the Holy See refused to recognise `` Bonnie '' Prince Charles as the lawful sovereign of Great Britain , thus losing his most powerful support , the French support being long gone .
 Old Pretender James   died  

 Although the Northwest Indian War escalated and would not end until the American victory at the Battle of Fallen Timbers in 1794 , the 1786 expedition was the last time Daniel Boone saw military action .
 the Northwest Indian War   escalated  

 With the situation in Afghanistan deteriorating , and the Soviet leadership looking for ways to withdraw , Mikhail Gorbachev wanted Karmal to resign as PDPA General Secretary .
 the situation in Afghanistan   deteriorating  

 This differs from the medical definition of subluxation as a significant structural displacement , which can be seen with static imaging techniques such as X-rays .
 This   differs  

 After a successful Spanish attack on William the Silent army , William had to flee and William the Silent retreated to Enkhuizen , in Holland .
 William   to flee  

 Afonso de Albuquerque had learned that after the Portuguese retreat in 1507 , a young king was reigning under the influence of a powerful Persian vizier , Reis Hamed , whom the king greatly feared .
 the king   greatly feared  

 In astrophysics and physical cosmology , Olbers ' paradox , named after the German astronomer Heinrich Wilhelm Olbers ( 1758 -- 1840 ) and also called the `` dark night sky paradox '' , is Olbers' paradox that the darkness of the night sky conflicts with the assumption of an infinite and eternal static universe .
 Olbers ' paradox   named  

 Southern slaveowners , hearing initial reports that hundreds of abolitionists were involved , were relieved the effort was so small .
 initial reports that hundreds of abolitionists   were involved  

 The digraph ch represents a single sound , the velar fricative , while dz and dž are pronounced like straightforward combinations of Lithuanian language component letters ( sounds ) : Dz dz ( dzė ) , Dž dž ( džė ) , Ch ch ( cha ) .
 dz and dž   are pronounced  

 Æthelred 's government produced extensive legislation , which Æthelred the Unready `` ruthlessly enforced '' .
 the Unready   ruthlessly enforced  

 The use of the term ` palace ' for the older palaces , meaning a dynastic residence and seat of power , has recently come under criticism ( see Palace ) , and the term ` court building ' has been proposed instead .
 the term   has been proposed instead  

 Gottlob Frege presented an independent development of logic with quantifiers in his Begriffsschrift , published in 1879 , a work generally considered as marking a turning point in the history of logic .
 a work   generally considered  

 European players were drafted and signed by NHL teams in an effort to bring in more `` skilled offensive players '' , although recently there has been a decline in European players as more American players enter the league .
 European players   were drafted  

 If no on-unit is in effect when a condition is raised a standard system action is taken ( often this is to raise the ERROR condition ) .
 a condition   is raised  

 The King and Otto von Bismarck generals wanted to push on , conquer Bohemia and march to Vienna , but Bismarck , worried that Prussian military luck might change or that France might intervene on Austria 's side , enlisted the help of the Crown Prince ( who had opposed the war but had commanded one of the Prussian armies at Königgrätz ) to change Otto von Bismarck father 's mind after stormy meetings .
 Prussian military luck   might change  

 The volcanic event is said to be the largest known volcanic eruption in Earth 's history .
 The volcanic event   is said  

 Charge referencing is performed by adding or subtracting a `` Charge Correction Factor '' to each of the experimentally measured BEs .
 Charge   referencing  

 How the diocese of Worcester was administered when Ealdred (bishop) was abroad is unclear , although it appears that Wulfstan , the prior of the cathedral chapter , performed the religious duties in the diocese .
 the diocese of Worcester   was administered  

 As a result , the only way the program could be passed at all was for the entire expense to be underwritten by the Employers .
 the program   could be passed at all  

 These ` light armored cruisers ' began to occupy the traditional cruiser role once it became clear that the battlecruiser squadrons were required to operate with the battle fleet .
 These ` light armored cruisers   began  

 Marsupial will not re-emerge for several months , during which time Marsupial develops fully .
 Marsupial   develops fully  

 Based on studies of their close relatives , the modern elephants , Mammoth probably had a gestation period of 22 months , resulting in a single calf being born .
 a single calf   being born  

 As Oedipus traveled , he came to Davlia , where three roads crossed each other .
 Oedipus   traveled  

 To sight ( or measure ) the angle between the sun , a star , or a planet , and the horizon the ` star telescope ' should be fitted to Sextant .
 the angle between the sun , a star , or a planet , and the horizon the ` star telescope   should be fitted  

 The downside of this decision is that object code produced by different compilers is expected to be incompatible .
 object code produced by different compilers   is expected  

 To choose this value , note that s is described by the program GenerateParadoxicalString whose length is at most where C is the `` overhead '' added by the program GenerateParadoxicalString .
 C   is  

 120 CE ) about Homer 's poetry being sung even in India seems to imply that the Iliad had been translated into Sanskrit .
 120 CE ) about Homer 's poetry being sung even in India   seems  

 Despite the accusations of Neimodians speaking with `` Engrish '' accents , it should be noted that actor Silas Carson read all of Nute Gunray 's lines based on how Nute Gunray were read by a genuine Thai actor , who pre-recorded Nute Gunray 's lines for Carson to mimic .
 Carson   to mimic  

 A court whose subject-matter jurisdiction is limited to certain types of controversies ( for example , suits in admiralty or suits where the monetary amount sought is less than a specified sum ) is sometimes referred to as a court of special jurisdiction or court of limited jurisdiction .
 the monetary amount   sought  

 The most usual complications that can occur are pneumonia , hernia of the incision , thrombophlebitis , bleeding or adhesions .
 The most usual complications   can occur  

 When sufficient stores of graphite had been accumulated , the mines were flooded to prevent theft until more was required .
 more   was required  

 The helium core of a red giant continues to collapse until Main sequence is entirely supported by electron degeneracy pressure -- a quantum mechanical effect that restricts how closely matter can be compacted .
 matter   can be compacted  

 Alcohol and metronidazole One of the most important drug/food interaction that should be noted is between alcohol and metronidazole .
 the most important drug/food interaction   should be noted  

 In California , unlicensed possession of a flame-throwing device -- statutorily defined as `` any non-stationary and transportable device designed or intended to emit or propel a burning stream of combustible or flammable liquid a distance of at least 10 feet '' H&W 12750 ( a ) -- is a misdemeanor punishable with a county jail term not exceeding one year OR with a fine not exceeding $ 10,000 ( CA H&W 12761 ) .
 any non-stationary and transportable device   designed  

 Often the leader of the seder and the other adults at the meal will use prompted responses from the Haggadah , which states , `` The more one talks about the Exodus from Egypt , the more praiseworthy he is '' .
 the Haggadah   states  

 When the bridge opened , Odense was the second longest suspension bridge in the world .
 the bridge   opened  

 While men who engaged in homosexual relationships were generally suspected of engaging in anal sex , many such individuals did not .
 many such individuals   did not  

 Most Protestants deny the need for this type of continuity and the historical claims involved have been severely questioned ; Eric Jay comments that the account given of the emergence of the episcopate in chapter III of Lumen Gentium `` is very sketchy , and many ambiguities in the early history of the Christian ministry are passed over '' Their reasons are given in detail below .
 many ambiguities in the early history of the Christian ministry   are passed over  

 However , the revelation that a considerably larger segment of the membership than had been believed were the radical Fifth Monarchists led to its members voting to dissolve it on 12 December 1653 , out of fear of what the radicals might do if they took control of the Assembly .
 the membership   had been believed  

 The program operates on the basis that an adult who learns to read creates a ripple effect in the community .
 The program   operates  

 There were 4,540 households of which 32.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 46.7 % were married couples living together , 14.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , 5.4 % had a male householder with no wife present , and 33.7 % were non-families .
 married couples   living together  

 Chemical deposition techniques include chemical vapor deposition ( `` CVD '' ) , in which a stream of source gas reacts on the substrate to grow the material desired .
 the material   desired  

 Cecil seems to have done little to further Oxford 's interests in the suit .
 Cecil   seems  

 A continuous chain between the nucleoplasm and the inner parts of Nucleolus exists through a network of Nucleolus channels .
 A continuous chain between the nucleoplasm and the inner parts of Nucleolus   exists  

 Marwan Barghouti had actually topped the list , but this had not become apparent until after the new party had been registered .
 the new party   had been registered  

 A series of industrial disputes in the winter of 1978-79 , dubbed the `` Winter of Discontent '' , led to widespread strikes across the country and seriously hurt Labour 's standings in the polls .
 A series of industrial disputes in the winter of 1978-79   dubbed  

 As an example , when a fuel is burned Potential energy is converted to heat , same is the case with digestion of food metabolized in a biological organism .
 a fuel   is burned  

 Henry crossed the Alps that winter , appearing early in 1077 as a barefoot penitent in the snow before the gates of Matilda 's ancestral castle of Canossa , where the pope was staying .
 the pope   was staying  

 In relation to the Plague and Fire , C. S. Knighton has written : `` From its reporting of these two disasters to the metropolis in which Samuel Pepys thrived , Pepys 's diary has become a national monument '' .
 the metropolis   thrived  

 While some chemotaxis receptors are expressed in the surface membrane with long-term characteristics as Chemotaxis are determined genetically , others have short-term dynamics as Chemotaxis are assembled ad hoc in the presence of the ligand .
 some chemotaxis receptors   are expressed  

 While this does bear some similarity with the classic posture of cowboys firing their twin revolvers from the hip , in games this posture is almost never reflected , with almost all game characters firing twin guns at shoulder level , straight-armed .
 this posture   almost never reflected  

 The eastern slope of this escarpment is relatively gentle , dropping to the exposed shield of the ancient landmass that existed before the faulting occurred .
 the faulting   occurred  

 Each August the International Tennis Hall of Fame Champions Cup is held ; this event is part of the Outback Champions Series .
 Each August   is held  

 This disassembly of the NPC peripheral groups is largely thought to be phosphate driven , as several of these nucleoporins are phosphorylated during the stages of mitosis .
 This disassembly of the NPC peripheral groups   is largely thought  

 Quantity of cocoon and silk produced is directly related to the pupation rate and larval weight .
 silk   produced  

 Their daughters Cristina and María both married the princes of Carrion , who were of higher nobility ; Cristina to Ramiro , Lord of Monzón , grandson of García Sánchez III of Navarre via an illegitimate son ; María , first ( it is said ) to a prince of Aragon ( presumably the son of Peter I ) and second to Ramón Berenguer III , count of Barcelona .
 it   is said  

 Solomon Islands has continued to recognise the Republic of China under Sikua 's leadership .
 Solomon Islands   has continued  

 The Republic of Macedonia 's first post-independence flag caused a major controversy when Foreign relations of the Republic of Macedonia was unveiled .
 Foreign relations of the Republic of Macedonia   was unveiled  

 As it was , Joseph Goebbels had no intention of trying to escape .
 it   was  

 Nearly all inexpensive compact digital cameras now include an LCD preview screen allowing the photographer to see what the CCD is capturing .
 the CCD   is capturing  

 Alfred the Great wrote a wisdom poem over the course of his reign based loosely on the neoplatonic philosophy of Boethius called the Lays of Boethius .
 his reign   based loosely  

 It is unknown if Plato 's ideas of idealism have some earlier origin , but Plato held Pythagoras in high regard , and Pythagoras as well as his followers in the movement known as Pythagoreanism claimed the world was literally built up from numbers , an abstract , absolute form .
 the world   was literally built up  

 In Finland , male citizens aged 18 -- 30 years must prove that they have completed , or are exempt from , the obligatory military service when applying for a Finnish passport .
 they   have completed  

 When Desiderius Erasmus strength began to fail , Desiderius Erasmus decided to accept an invitation by Queen Mary of Hungary , Regent of the Netherlands , to move from Freiburg to Brabant .
 Desiderius Erasmus strength   to fail  

 Stephen Schneider also found that much of the effect was due to natural aerosols which would not be affected by human activities , so the cooling effect of changes in industrial pollution would be much less than Stephen Schneider had calculated .
 the cooling effect of changes in industrial pollution   had calculated  

 The Scientific Review of Alternative Medicine points to confusions in the general population - a person may attribute symptomatic relief to an otherwise-ineffective therapy just because Alternative medicine are taking something ( the placebo effect ) ; the natural recovery from or the cyclical nature of an illness ( the regression fallacy ) gets misattributed to an alternative medicine being taken ; a person not diagnosed with science based medicine may never originally have had a true illness diagnosed as an alternative disease category .
 an alternative medicine   being taken  

 The restoration of Holyrood Abbey has been proposed several times since the 18th century - in 1835 by the architect James Gillespie Graham as a meeting place for the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland and , in 1906 , as a chapel for the Knights of the Thistle -- but both proposals were rejected .
 both proposals   were rejected  

 The words of the Torah ( Pentateuch ) were spoken to Moses by God ; the laws contained in this Written Torah , the Mitzvot , were given along with detailed explanations in the oral tradition as to how to apply and interpret them .
 the laws contained in this Written Torah , the Mitzvot   were given along  

 Harvey Cox , a professor of divinity at Harvard , says part of the appeal of the books lies in the `` lip-licking anticipation of all the blood , '' and theologian Barbara Rossing , author of The Rapture Exposed : The Message of Hope in the Book of Revelation , said the books glorify violence .
 theologian Barbara Rossing   Exposed  

 An example is the Canadian Army , which has used the LAV III wheeled IFV in fighting in Afghanistan .
 the Canadian Army   has used  

 As Macdonald did not mention her in John A. Macdonald letters home , the circumstances of their meeting are not known .
 the circumstances of their meeting   are not known  

 The essence of the problem was that while Caravaggio 's dramatic intensity was appreciated , Caravaggio realism was seen by some as unacceptably vulgar .
 Caravaggio 's dramatic intensity   was appreciated  

 A Ghost Is Born was released on June 22 , 2004 , and became Wilco first top ten album in the U.S. The album earned Wilco Grammy Awards for Best Alternative Music Album and Best Recording Package in 2005 .
 A Ghost   Is Born  

 In higher plants , it was thought that CGG encoded for tryptophan and not arginine ; however , the codon in the processed RNA was discovered to be the UGG codon , consistent with the universal genetic code for tryptophan .
 CGG   not arginine  

 The less likely that the prediction would be correct simply by coincidence , the stronger evidence Scientific method would be if the prediction were fulfilled ; evidence is also stronger if the answer to the prediction is not already known , due to the effects of hindsight bias ( see also postdiction ) .
 the prediction   were fulfilled  

 Sanchez , however , claimed after the article was published that Loretta Sanchez had never mentioned Núñez to Politico.com .
 the article   was published  

 John was probably , like John, King of England brothers , assigned a magister whilst John, King of England was at Fontevrault , a teacher charged with John, King of England early education and with managing the servants of John, King of England immediate household ; John was later taught by Ranulph Glanville , a leading English administrator .
 John   was probably  

 In making Intolerance , D. W. Griffith opened up new possibilities for the medium , creating a form that seems to owe more to music than to traditional narrative .
 a form   seems  

 (book) readily latched onto the idea of the emasculating black matriarch proposed by Daniel Patrick Moynihan , whose theories bell hooks often criticizes .
 Daniel Patrick Moynihan   bell  

 His early life gave little indication of his ultimate potential ; until the time of his accession in 1855 , aged 37 , few imagined that he would be known to posterity as a leader able to implement the most challenging reforms undertaken in Russia since the reign of Peter the Great .
 he   would be known  

 Billy Wright (loyalist) returned to Portadown in disgust , accusing the Belfast UVF of having surrendered .
 the Belfast UVF   of having surrendered  

 The priests were extremely well versed on the various matters of state , as part of Oracle work was to debrief pilgrims about all that Oracle knew .
 The priests   extremely well versed  

 In a static gas , the gas as a whole does not appear to move .
 the gas as a whole   to move  

 In February 2008 Clapton performed with Eric Clapton long-time friend Steve Winwood at Madison Square Garden and guested on Eric Clapton recorded single , `` Dirty City '' , on Winwood 's album Nine Lives .
 Clapton   recorded  

 The first dinitrogen complex to be reported was based on ruthenium , Ru ( NH3 ) 5 ( N2 ) 2 + .
 The first dinitrogen complex   to be reported  

 Muammar Gaddafi in Libya was alleged to have been using Mercenary soldiers during the 2011 Libyan civil war , including Tuaregs from various nations in Africa .
 Muammar Gaddafi in Libya   was alleged  

 In these investigations , a sender , who was isolated in a visually opaque , electrically and acoustically shielded chamber , was stimulated at random by bursts of strobe-light flickers The experimenters reported that , for one receiver , differential alpha block on control and stimulus trials were observed , which showed that some information transfer had occurred .
 differential alpha block on control and stimulus trials   were observed  

 Meir Kahane founded both the militant group Jewish Defense League ( JDL ) in the USA and an Israeli political party Kach ( `` This is the Way '' ) .
 Meir Kahane   founded  

 The last recorded use of bows in an English battle seems to have been a skirmish at Bridgnorth , in October 1642 , during the Civil War , when an impromptu town militia proved effective against un-armoured musketeers .
 The last recorded use of bows in an English battle   seems  

 The required technology would reportedly take 10 -- 20 years to develop .
 The required technology   to develop  

 No political reforms were announced as part of the package , though some prisoners indicted for financial crimes were pardoned .
 some prisoners indicted for financial crimes   were pardoned  

 A notable addition came in late 1945 with Adûnaic or Númenórean , a language of a `` faintly Semitic flavour '' , connected with Tolkien 's Atlantis legend , which by The Notion Club Papers ties directly into J. R. R. Tolkien ideas about inability of language to be inherited , and via the `` Second Age '' and the story of Eärendil was grounded in the legendarium , thereby providing a link of Tolkien 's 20th-century `` real primary world '' with the legendary past of J. R. R. Tolkien Middle-earth .
 a language of a `` faintly Semitic flavour   connected  

 `` Antinous was from Bithynium , a Bithynian city which we also call Claudiopolis , and Antinous had become Hadrian 's boy-favourite ( paidika ) ; and Antinous died in Egypt , either by falling into the Nile , as Hadrian writes lost , or , as the truth is , having been offered in sacrifice ( hierourgethesis ) .
 the truth   is  

 Ten schools have MAC affiliate membership status , with one more confirmed to be joining in the future .
 one more   confirmed  

 Since that time Intel has released at total of 10 different clock speeds ranging from 1.8 GHz to 2.8 GHz , before being surpassed by the Celeron D. Although the Northwood-based Celerons suffer considerably from their small L2 cache , some clock rates have been favored in the enthusiast market , because like the old 300A , they can run well above their specified clock rate .
 they   can run well  

 The 1964 book Islands in Space calculates that the nuclear explosive megatonnage necessary for several deflection scenarios exists .
 the nuclear explosive megatonnage necessary for several deflection scenarios   exists  

 Thus , Canada 's oil sands are not expected to provide more than a few million barrels per day in the foreseeable future .
 Canada 's oil sands   are not expected  

 While this was playing out , Romanos was undertaking a number of unpopular reforms at home .
 this   was playing out  

 Problematically , scholars advocating this position have failed to agree on what this defining technique should be .
 this defining technique   should be  

 George Washington is said to have taken command of the American Continental Army under the Washington Elm in Cambridge on July 3 , 1775 .
 George Washington   is said  

 The rugged western face of the escarpment drops steeply to the coastal plain , the Tihamah lowlands , whose width averages only sixty-five kilometers .
 the Tihamah   lowlands  

 After many of the people had been bitten by serpents and died , Moses made the brass serpent and mounted it on a pole , and if those who were bitten looked at it , they did not die .
 those   were bitten  

 Gazzaniga described FIFA World Cup Trophy thus , `` The lines spring out from the base , rising in spirals , stretching out to receive FIFA World Cup Trophy .
 The lines   spring out  

 To help with Joachim von Ribbentrop move to London , and with the design of the new German Embassy Ribbentrop had built ( the existing Embassy was insufficiently grand for Joachim von Ribbentrop ) , Joachim von Ribbentrop , at Joachim von Ribbentrop wife 's suggestion , hired a Berlin interior decorator named Martin Luther .
 the design of the new German Embassy Ribbentrop   had built  

 Max Amann , head of the Franz Eher Verlag and Hitler 's publisher , is said to have suggested the much shorter `` Mein Kampf '' or `` Mein Kampf '' .
 Max Amann   is said  

 Messages that are being actively translated are bound by ribosomes , the eukaryotic initiation factors eIF-4E and eIF-4G , and poly ( A ) - binding protein .
 Messages   are being actively translated  

 If signs of disturbance are present for more than a month but less than six months , the diagnosis of schizophreniform disorder is applied .
 the diagnosis of schizophreniform disorder   is applied  

 On 16 October 1946 Joachim von Ribbentrop became the first of those sentenced to death to be hanged .
 the first of those   to be hanged  

 As Sophocles ' Oedipus the King begins , the people of Thebes are begging Oedipus for help , begging him to discover the cause of the plague .
 Sophocles ' Oedipus   begins  

 The deadline was extended by four days after pleas from local Tamil Catholics , who were left to look after many Muslims ' property in anticipation of looting by the Sri Lankan army .
 local Tamil Catholics   to look  

 The line started to decay after the loss of Nola by Ludovico , who was also forced to accept the Sienese suzerainty over Pitigliano .
 The line   started  

 Nero 's statues were again set up , Otho freedmen and household officers reinstalled ( including the young castrated boy Sporus whom Nero had taken in marriage and Otho would also live intimately with ) , and the intended completion of the Golden House announced .
 the intended completion of the Golden House   announced  

 Julia Child great success on air may have been tied to Julia Child refreshingly pragmatic approach to the genre , `` Julia Child think you have to decide who your audience is .
 your audience   is  

 Wood 's characters in Rebel Without a Cause , The Searchers ( 1956 , a classic western directed by John Ford ) and Marjorie Morningstar ( 1958 ) began to show Natalie Wood range of acting style widening considerably , observes Tibbetts .
 a classic western directed by John Ford ) and Marjorie Morningstar   began  

 Primer (molecular biology) sequences need to be chosen to uniquely select for a region of DNA , avoiding the possibility of mishybridization to a similar sequence nearby .
 Primer (molecular biology) sequences   to be chosen  

 This completed a project which had been mostly clarified and organized by Judah ha-Nasi father and Rabbi Natan .
 a project   had been mostly clarified  

 Seymour Papert has rethought how schools should work based on these theories of learning .
 schools   should work  

 An economy based on economic planning ( either through the state , an association of worker cooperatives or another economic entity that has jurisdiction over the means of production ) appropriates Planned economy resources as needed , so that allocation comes in the form of internal transfers rather than market transactions involving the purchasing of assets by one government agency or firm by another .
 allocation   comes  

 While some of these depictions of women are speculated to be images of worshippers and priestesses officiating at religious ceremonies , as opposed to the deity , several goddesses appear to be portrayed .
 several goddesses   to be portrayed  

 Another person , Soklarus , is spoken of in terms which seem to imply that Plutarch was Plutarch 's son , but this is nowhere definitely stated .
 this   is nowhere definitely stated  

 After the western powers acceded to Hitler 's demands concerning Czechoslovakia in 1938 , Goebbels soon redirected Joseph Goebbels propaganda machine against Poland .
 the western powers   acceded  

 Caesar pursued Pompey , hoping to capture Julius Caesar before Julius Caesar legions could escape .
 Julius Caesar legions   could escape  

 3-SAT is NP-complete ( like any other k-SAT problem with k > 2 ) while 2-SAT is known to have solutions in polynomial time .
 2-SAT   is known  

 An isolated gauge line on the east coast was regauged to when the line was interconnected .
 the line   was interconnected  

 The first European to visit Maui was the French admiral Jean-François de La Pérouse , who landed on the shores of what is now known as La Perouse Bay on May 29 , 1786 .
 the French admiral Jean-François de La Pérouse   landed  

 Further study has determined that overstimulation of primarily the 5-HT2A receptors appears to contribute substantially to the condition .
 overstimulation of primarily the 5-HT2A receptors   appears  

 The same objections were made when the London Boroughs of Croydon and Southwark unsuccessfully entered the competition for City status in the United Kingdom to mark the millennium : Croydon was said to have `` no particular identity of its own '' while Southwark was `` part of London with little individual identity '' .
 Croydon   was said  

 Although DuPont 's preferred designs for the nuclear reactors were helium cooled and used graphite as a moderator , DuPont still expressed an interest in using heavy water as a backup , in case the graphite reactor design proved infeasible for some reason .
 helium   cooled  

 Diefenbaker asked ministers supporting John Diefenbaker to stand , and when only about half did , stated that John Diefenbaker was going to see the Governor General to resign , and that Fleming would be the next Prime Minister .
 the Governor General   to resign  

 Despite the protests of Northumberland , the `` Short Parliament '' ( as it came to be known ) was dissolved in May 1640 , less than a month after it assembled .
 it   to be known  

 Pachomius prayed often with Pachomius arms stretched out in the form of a cross ; which posture was then much used in the church .
 Pachomius arms   stretched out  

 However , just in time for Katherine 's final speech , Lilli arrives onstage ( `` I Am Ashamed That Women Are So Simple '' ) .
 I   Ashamed  

 Games shipped with plastic card overlays that snapped in over the keypad .
 plastic card overlays   snapped in  

 Telecommunications in the People's Republic of China is laying quite a lot of fiber which is a less disruptive option in China because of the amount of new building work being done .
 new building work   being done  

 all restaurants offer `` dry '' tandoori and tikka dishes of marinated meat or fish cooked in a special oven , and biriani dishes , where the meat and rice are mixed together .
 the meat and rice   are mixed together  

 Chauvin 's distinguished record of service and Nicolas Chauvin love and devotion for Napoleon , which endured despite the price Nicolas Chauvin willingly paid for them , is said to have earned Nicolas Chauvin only ridicule and derision in Restoration France , when Bonapartism became increasingly unpopular .
 Napoleon   endured  

 The constant effort towards population ... increases the number of people before the means of subsistence are increased .
 the means of subsistence   are increased  

 The name `` Malvasia '' is generally thought to derive from Monemvasia , a Venetian fortress on the coast of Laconia , known in Italian as `` Malvasia '' ; this port would have acted as a trading center for wine produced in the eastern Peloponnese and perhaps in some of the Cyclades .
 The name `` Malvasia   is generally thought  

 A related form of protection is the use of body doubles a person built similar to the person he is expected to impersonate .
 he   is expected  

 This is how one author of that study puts Tobacco smoking when he explains the very low cost for others : `` The reason the number is low is that for private pensions , Social Security , and Medicare -- the biggest factors in calculating costs to society -- smoking actually saves money .
 costs   to society  

 As Milton says , `` strophe , antistrophe and epode were a kind of stanza framed for the music then used with Antistrophe '' .
 Milton   says  

 An equivalent way of expressing this is that if most females are looking , for example , for long-tailed males , then each female individually does better to select a long-tailed male , since then her male children are more likely to succeed .
 her male children   to succeed  

 The third volume , Greek and Roman Lives , published in 1973 , presented the remaining biographies and parallels as translated by Halevy .
 The third volume   Lives  

 As Meir Kahane political career progressed , Kahane became increasingly isolated in the Knesset .
 Meir Kahane political career   progressed  

 II. `` Someday Some Morning Sometime , '' featuring a vibraphone filtered through a space echo , was identified by Tweedy as being the `` piece to the puzzle '' towards the creation of their fourth studio album .
 a vibraphone   filtered  

 The Continental Saxons living in what was known as Old Saxony appear to have consolidated themselves by the end of the 8th century .
 The Continental Saxons   appear  

 Moses appears as the central character in the 1956 Cecil B. DeMille movie , also called The Ten Commandments , in which Moses is portrayed by Charlton Heston .
 Moses   appears  

 Best had been seen playing in The Casbah with Pete Best own group , the Black Jacks , and it was noted that Pete Best was a steady drummer , playing the bass drum on all four beats in the bar , which pushed the rhythm .
 Best   had been seen  

 Contempt of court is a court order which in the context of a court trial or hearing , declares a person or organization to have disobeyed or been disrespectful of the court 's authority .
 a person or organization   to have disobeyed  

 If only one of these nine parties that formed The Union withdrew its support to Prodi , Silvio Berlusconi government would have collapsed .
 Silvio Berlusconi government   would have collapsed  

 The Athenians led an alliance of resistors against the Atlantean empire , and as the alliance disintegrated , prevailed alone against the empire , liberating the occupied lands .
 the alliance   disintegrated  

 The Japanese appear to have had as many as 10 flyable P-40Es .
 The Japanese   appear  

 The MM palatial structure of Phaistos appears to align with Mount Ida , whilst Knossos is aligned with Juktas .
 The MM palatial structure of Phaistos   appears  

 Since , none of the means of knowing were found to be worthy to establish the invariable connection between middle term and predicate , Cārvākas concluded that the inference could not be used to ascertain metaphysical truths .
 none of the means of knowing   were found  

 The last episode of The Living Planet , for example , focuses almost entirely on humans ' destruction of the environment and ways that it could be stopped or reversed .
 it   could be stopped  

 Passport often , though not always , contain a message , usually near the front , requesting that Passport bearer be allowed to pass freely , and further requesting that , in the event of need , the bearer be granted assistance .
 Passport bearer   to pass freely  

 In Andrei Sakharov works Andrei Sakharov declared that `` the principle ` what is not prohibited is allowed ' should be understood literally '' , defying the unwritten ideological rules imposed by the Communist ruling elite on the society in spite of the seemingly democratic USSR Constitution .
 what is not prohibited   is allowed  

 His efforts at consolidating the single-party government were challenged in 1980 by student-led anti-government demonstrations that led to three coup attempts , which were brutally quashed .
 three coup attempts   were brutally quashed  

 The idea of a common political entity of all South Slavs , known as Yugoslavia , emerged .
 The idea of a common political entity of all South Slavs   emerged  

 The `` Out of My Dreams '' and `` All Er Nuthin ' '' dances are such supreme aesthetic delights ... They are spinetingling , out of this world '' .
 They   are spinetingling  

 The sequencing in 2010 of genome of the cacao tree may allow yields to be improved .
 yields   to be improved  

 Cotton Mather tried to convert the Catholic Goodwife Glover before she was executed , accused of practicing witchcraft on the Goodwin children .
 she   was executed  

 Towards the end of the era , large , sophisticated reptiles were dominant and the first modern plants ( conifers ) appeared .
 the first modern plants   appeared  

 After the treaty of Algeciras where the representatives of Great Powers agreed not to build any standard gauge railway in Morocco until the standard gauge Tangier - Fez Railway being completed , the French had begun to build military gauge lines in their part of Morocco French Morocco .
 the standard gauge Tangier - Fez Railway   being completed  

 The nature of Wright 's killing , within a high security prison , has led to speculation that the authorities colluded with the INLA to have Billy Wright (loyalist) killed as Billy Wright (loyalist) was a danger to the emerging peace process .
 killed   Billy Wright  

 Glassine ( paper ) is used by artists to protect artwork which is being stored or transported .
 artwork   transported  

 The modern Olympic Flame is ignited at the site where the temple of Hera used to stand .
 the temple of Hera   to stand  

 When neutron star core material is presumed to consist mostly of free neutrons , Neutronium is typically referred to as neutron-degenerate matter in scientific literature .
 neutron star core material   is presumed  

 All seven trees continue to produce Olive .
 All seven trees   continue  

 The first `` heresy '' which `` John Wycliffe cast forth into the world '' rests as much upon philosophical as upon theological grounds .
 The first `` heresy '' which `` John Wycliffe cast forth into the world ''   rests as much  

 Most forms of draw poker are Closed (poker) games ( draw games with a rollout are an exception ) .
 Most forms of draw poker   are Closed  

 A significant departure from this was his speaking role in The Moose Hunt ( 1931 ) , which was produced before Pluto (Disney) characterization had been clearly defined .
 Pluto (Disney) characterization   had been clearly defined  

 An earlier theory , proposed shortly after the Voyager 2 flyby , was that a previous incarnation of Miranda (moon) was shattered by a massive impact , with the fragments reassembling and denser ones subsequently sinking to produce the current strange pattern .
 denser ones   subsequently sinking  

 However , Motorola 68030 provides an additional synchronous bus interface which , if used , accelerates memory accesses up to 33 % compared to an equally clocked 68020 .
 an additional synchronous bus interface   used  

 These new aircraft will replace the existing fleet of Sikorsky S-61 Sea King rotorcraft .
 the existing fleet of Sikorsky S-61 Sea King   rotorcraft  

 The caspase proteins are integral parts of the apoptosis pathway , so it follows that knock-outs made have varying damaging results .
 that knock-outs   made  

 Maecianus was recalled , made senator , and appointed prefect of the treasury ( aerarium Saturni ) .
 Maecianus   was recalled  

 Even countries without those diplomatic relations participate in international organizations of which the Holy See is a full member .
 Even countries without those diplomatic relations   participate  

 Like the trumpet and all other modern brass wind instruments , Cornet makes a sound when the player vibrates ( `` buzzes '' ) the lips in the mouthpiece , creating a vibrating column of air in the tubing .
 the player   vibrates  

 Before PLDs were invented , read-only memory ( ROM ) chips were used to create arbitrary combinational logic functions of a number of inputs .
 PLDs   were invented  

 Therefore , these numerical values ( such as 299,792,458 for the constant speed of light c expressed in units of meters per second ) are not values that a theory of physics can be expected to predict .
 a theory of physics   can be expected  

 In addition , a new regional constitution was drafted and later passed on 15 June 2009 , which is believed to represent a significant step toward the eventual introduction of a multi-party political system to the region for the first time ; such a system already exists in the adjacent Somaliland region .
 a new regional constitution   was drafted  

 Although he survived war with Rome , his successor Perseus of Macedon ( reigned 179 BC-168 BC ) did not ; having taken Macedon into the Third Macedonian War in ( 171 BC-168 BC ) , he lost his kingdom when he was defeated .
 he   was defeated  

 The innovation adopted was part of Alboin 's borrowing of Roman and Ostrogothic administrative models , as in Late Antiquity the comes civitatis ( city count ) was the main local authority , with full administrative powers in Alboin region .
 The innovation   adopted  

 The Communist 's sabotage efforts were so successful that Sabotage caused backlash amongst the Malaysian population , who gradually withdrew support for the Communist movement as their livelihoods became threatened .
 their livelihoods   threatened  

 Secondly , Politics of Spain represents the Spanish State as a whole in relation to the autonomous communities , whose rights he is constitutionally bound to respect .
 he   to respect  

 Diverse systems with the same critical exponents -- that is , which display identical scaling behaviour as Power law approach criticality -- can be shown , via renormalization group theory , to share the same fundamental dynamics .
 Diverse systems with the same critical exponents -- that is , which display identical scaling behaviour as Power law approach criticality   can be shown  

 All cities where a local government unit that holds that status is abolished have to be re-issued with letters patent reconfirming city status following local government reorganisation where that holder has been abolished .
 status   is abolished  

 This will generate a random permutation , unless any of the random numbers generated are the same as any others ( i.e. pairs , triplets etc. ) .
 the random numbers   generated  

 While Bellerophon slept , he dreamed of Athena setting a golden bridle down beside him ; Iobates was there when he awoke .
 he   awoke  

 Chimpanzees have been described as highly territorial and are known to kill other chimps , although Margaret Power wrote in her 1991 book The Egalitarians that the field studies from which the aggressive data came , Gombe and Mahale , use artificial feeding systems that increased aggression in the chimpanzee populations studied , so might not reflect innate characteristics of Common chimpanzee as a whole .
 Chimpanzees   are known  

 When Willus unexpectedly died , Jack Johnson (boxer) inherited the gold watch and chain , in a collection of Jack Johnson (boxer) personal belongings , which shortly disappeared , and Jack Johnson (boxer) never recovered it .
 Willus   unexpectedly died  

 By 1952 the principal telecommunications network centered on Beijing , and links to all large cities had finally been established .
 the principal telecommunications network   links  

 On the reverse side of each piece , other than the king and gold general , are one or two other characters , in amateur sets often in a different color ( usually red ) ; this side is turned face up during play to indicate that the piece has been promoted .
 the piece   has been promoted  

 Forty years later , when the centenary of Lincoln 's birth was celebrated in 1909 , a border state official reflected on Booth 's assassination of Lincoln , `` Confederate veterans held public services and gave public expression to the sentiment , that ` had Lincoln lived ' the days of reconstruction might have been softened and the era of good feeling ushered in earlier '' .
 the era of good feeling   ushered  

 This Greek is believed to be Theseus , who joined Heracles during his labors .
 This Greek   is believed  

 For Steven Spielberg 2010 miniseries The Pacific Steven Spielberg teamed up once again with co-producer Tom Hanks , with Gary Goetzman also co-producing ' .
 The Pacific Steven Spielberg   co-producing  

 Only those who ruled a united Neustrian march are included , though the title `` of Neustria '' was carried by the earlier margraves of the Breton and Norman marches , the most notable by Robert the Strong , ancestor of these later Capetians .
 Only those who ruled a united Neustrian march   are included  

 We here catch a glimpse of the circumstances which were winning over good men to monasticism in the West , though the evidence of an enthusiastic votary of the solitary life , such as Severus was , is probably not free from exaggeration .
 the evidence of an enthusiastic votary of the solitary life , such as Severus   was  

 In 1907 , as Picasso was painting Les Demoiselles d'Avignon , Oskar Kokoschka was writing Mörder , Hoffnung der Frauen ( Murderer , Hope of Women ) , the first Expressionist play ( produced with scandal in 1909 ) , and Arnold Schoenberg was composing his String Quartet No. 2 in F-sharp minor , his first composition `` without a tonal center '' .
 Oskar Kokoschka   was writing Mörder , Hoffnung der Frauen ( Murderer , Hope of Women ) , the first Expressionist play ( produced with scandal in 1909 ) , and Arnold Schoenberg was composing  

 The simplest form of a truss is an A frame ; however , the great amount of outward thrust generated here often causes the truss to fail .
 the truss   to fail  

 Eisenstein was heavily influenced by the ideology of the 1917 Bolshevik revolution , which results in Propaganda film providing better insight into the mindset of the later revolution than that which Propaganda film depicted .
 that   depicted  

 ImClone Systems is now a fully owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company Yeda Research and Development , ImClone Systems set up to commercialize and market the products of research at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel , challenged the Aventis-owned patent , licensed by ImClone Systems , for the use of anti-Epidermal growth factor receptor antibodies in combination with chemotherapy , to slow the growth of certain tumors .
 ImClone Systems   set up to commercialize  

 On the other hand , Finland and Austria joined the Eurozone from the beginning although their currencies were not part of the ECU basket ( since they had joined the EU in 1995 , two years after the ECU composition was `` frozen '' ) Due to the ECU being used in some international financial transactions , there was a concern that foreign courts might not recognize the euro as the legal successor to the ECU .
 the ECU composition   frozen  

 Goffart does not exclude the possibility that Paul had really seen the skull , but believes that by the 740s the connection between sin and barbarism as exemplified by the skull cup had already been established .
 Goffart   believes  

 As plutonium was found to corrode readily , the sphere was coated with nickel .
 plutonium   to corrode readily  

 For example , the Jerusalem Bible Foreword says , '' ... only when this ( the Masoretic Text ) presents insuperable difficulties have emendations or other versions , such as the ... LXX , been used '' .
 this   presents  

 As the water fell the raiders began to stream out along the causeway .
 the water   fell  

 Recourse was had to the day books of Evans ' assistant , Duncan Mackenzie , who had conducted the day-to-day excavations .
 Recourse   was had  

 Olympic Games has been widely written that during the Games , all conflicts among the participating city-states were postponed until the Games were finished .
 Olympic Games   has been widely written  

 Simonides also claimed his father had passed away and the invitation to Mt. Athos came from his uncle , a monk there , but subsequent letters to his father were found among his possessions at his death .
 his father   had passed away  

 The ratio between Propeller efficiency attached to a ship and in open water is termed relative rotative efficiency .
 Propeller efficiency   attached  

 Source separation used to be the preferred method due to the high sorting costs incurred by commingled collection .
 Source separation   used  

 Construction of mdoil-filled transformers requires that the insulation covering the windings be thoroughly dried before the oil is introduced .
 the oil   is introduced  

 The next day , Radio Love Daddy discusses what transpired the previous night , asking , `` are we ever going to live together ?
 we   to live together  

 According to the Talmud , Obadiah is said to have been a convert to Judaism from Edom , a descendant of Eliphaz , the friend of Job .
 Obadiah   is said  

 Usage is calibrated to the different-sized nozzles found in non-U.S.
 Usage   is calibrated  

 John Lee Hooker ( August 22 , 1917 -- June 21 , 2001 ) was a highly influential American blues singer-songwriter and guitarist .
 John Lee Hooker   was  

 The software license agreement for The Movies stipulates that Activision , the game 's publisher , owns `` any and all content within ... Game Movies that was either supplied with the Program or otherwise made available ... by Activision or Machinima licensors ... '' Some game companies provide software to modify their own games , and machinima makers often cite fair use as a defense , but the issue has never been tested in court .
 Activision   owns  

 Alboin moved west in Alboin march , invading the region of Liguria ( north-west Italy ) and reaching its capital Mediolanum ( Milan ) on September 3 , 569 , only to find it already abandoned by the vicarius Italiae ( vicar of Italy ) , the authority entrusted with the administration of the diocese of Annonarian Italy .
 Alboin   reaching  

 Mel Brooks then worked on an animated series sequel to Spaceballs called , which premiered on September 21 , 2008 on G4 TV .
 an animated series sequel to Spaceballs   called  

 The radius of maximum thickness is usually forward of the mid-chord point with the blades thinning to a minimum at the tips .
 the blades   thinning  

 The overproduction of collagen is thought to result from an autoimmune dysfunction , in which the immune system would start to attack the kinetochore of the chromosomes .
 The overproduction of collagen   is thought  

 On the north side of the cathedral there is the `` Dean 's Eye '' which survives from the original structure of the building and on the south side there is the `` Bishop 's Eye '' which was most likely rebuilt circa 1325-1350 .
 the `` Bishop 's Eye   most likely rebuilt  

 When Trudeau took office in 1968 Canada had a debt of $ 18 billion ( 24 % of GDP ) which was largely left over from World War II , when Pierre Trudeau left office in 1984 , that debt stood at $ 200 billion ( 46 % of GDP ) , an increase of 83 % in real terms .
 $ 18 billion   was largely left over  

 The populations quoted above for the five largest cities are from the 2004 census .
 The populations   quoted above  

 Constructing a skyscraper becomes justified if the price of land is so high that Skyscraper makes economic sense to build upwards as to minimize the cost of the land per the total floor area of a building .
 Constructing a skyscraper   justified  

 Instead of picking up a newspaper , or watching the 10 o'clock news , people can log onto the internet to get the news Mass media want , when Mass media want Mass media .
 the news Mass media   want  

 If what remains after the outer atmosphere has been shed is less than 1.4 solar masses , Star shrinks to a relatively tiny object about the size of Earth , known as a white dwarf .
 what remains after the outer atmosphere   has been shed  

 Missouri sales tax rate for most items is 4.225 % ; additional local levies may apply .
 additional local levies   may apply  

 Much of the remainder of Minnesota of the northeast has 50 feet ( 15 m ) or more of glacial till left behind as the last glaciers retreated .
 the last glaciers   retreated  

 Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford wrote to Burghley , enumerating years of fruitless attempts to amend Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford financial situation and complained : ` This last year past Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford have been a suitor to her Majesty that Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford might farm her tins , giving # 3000 a year more than she had made ' .
 she   had made  

 Book Eight of The Wars of Justinian , and the Secret History , suggest that Procopius relationship with Belisarius seems to have cooled thereafter .
 Procopius relationship with Belisarius   seems  

 The discovery became the starting point for many further studies involving the genetic material , such as the field of molecular genetics , and Scientific method was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1962 .
 The discovery   became  

 Citizen Kane , Some Like The Deer Hunter Hot , , The Godfather Part II ... all these are considered to be classics of such universally accepted stature ... At the risk of being thrown out of the ` respectable film critics ' circle , may I take this opportunity to declare officially that in my opinion The Deer Hunter is one of the worst films ever made , a rambling self indulgent , self aggrandizing barf-fest steeped in manipulatively racist emotion , and notable primarily for The Deer Hunter farcically melodramatic tone which is pitched somewhere between shrieking hysteria and somnambulist somberness '' .
 self   aggrandizing  

 But indeed there is always a difficulty in men living together and having all human relations in common , but especially in Property having common property '' .
 men   living together  

 No texts by Pythagoras are known to have survived , although forgeries under Pythagoras name -- a few of which remain extant -- did circulate in antiquity .
 No texts by Pythagoras   to have survived  

 The key point is that if no one else is keen to bet , then the most a player can raise by ( in a limit game ) is one single bet .
 no one else   to bet  

 As a result , for most Mushroom , if the cap is cut off and placed gill-side-down overnight , a powdery impression reflecting the shape of the gills ( or pores , or spines , etc. ) is formed ( when the fruit body is sporulating ) .
 a powdery impression reflecting the shape of the gills ( or pores , or spines , etc. )   is formed  

 When starch is cooked , the digestibility is increased .
 starch   is cooked  

 When Pope Innocent XI body was exhumed for beatification , it was discovered that it had remained preserved , though 267 years had passed since Pope Innocent XI death .
 it   preserved  

 Emil Kraepelin appears to have held Lamarckian concepts of evolution , such that cultural deterioration could be inherited .
 Emil Kraepelin   appears  

 Shot between 1948 and 1952 , Orson Welles directed ( 1952 ) , produced as Othello .
 Orson Welles   directed  

 When Marcos de Niza returned , Francisco Vásquez de Coronado told about a city of vast wealth , a golden city called Cíbola , and that Estevan had been killed by the Zuni citizens of Cíbola .
 Marcos de Niza   returned  

 Similar to the bush form , although the main leader shoot is allowed to maintain Fruit tree forms dominance , resulting in a pyramidal shape .
 the main leader shoot   is allowed  

 Congress and the state legislatures felt increasing pressure to pass the Constitutional amendment because of the Vietnam War , in which many young men who were ineligible to vote were conscripted to fight in the war , thus lacking any means to influence the people sending them off to risk their lives .
 many young men   to vote  

 Since alternate chemistry analogs to some life-processes have been created in the laboratory , xenobiology can be said to be an extant subject .
 xenobiology   can be said  

 Peter Blos described ( in a book called On Adolescence , 1960 ) how similar separation-individuation struggles occur during adolescence , of course with a different outcome from the first three years of life : the teen usually , eventually , leaves the parents ' house ( this varies with the culture ) .
 this   varies  

 Microsoft Excel also introduced intelligent cell recomputation , where only cells dependent on the cell being modified are updated ( previous spreadsheet programs recomputed everything all the time or waited for a specific user command ) .
 the cell   being modified  

 Arbor Day ( from the Latin arbor , meaning tree ) is a holiday in which individuals and groups are encouraged to plant and care for trees .
 individuals and groups   to plant  

 While not musically related , instruments of the Zink family ( which includes serpents ) are named `` cornetto - '' with a tonal or pitch related Latin word following the hyphen to describe the particular variant .
 instruments of the Zink family   are named  

 In a lecture on the current system of international communication Claude Piron argued that `` Esperanto relies entirely on innate reflexes '' and `` differs from all other languages in that you can always trust your natural tendency to generalize patterns ... The same neuropsychological law ... -- called by Jean Piaget generalizing assimilation -- applies to word formation as well as to grammar '' .
 Esperanto   differs  

 For example , in a Petitory and Possession Action , a vessel whose title is in dispute , usually between co-owners , will be put in the possession of the court until the title dispute can be resolved .
 the title dispute   can be resolved  

 An `` unsustainable situation '' occurs when natural capital ( the sum total of nature 's resources ) is used up faster than Sustainable development can be replenished .
 Sustainable development   can be replenished  

 Of course , smaller fortresses , or ones easily surprised , were taken as Siege came along .
 ones   easily surprised  

 A suggestion to have the Russian Federation pick representatives to the Parliament was voted down with a clear majority .
 A suggestion to have the Russian Federation pick representatives to the Parliament   was voted down  

 Winners of this contest are awarded the title `` World Champion of Public Speaking '' .
 Public   Speaking  

 Most n-body problems have no closed form solution , although some special cases have been formulated .
 some special cases   have been formulated  

 While it is intended that each part of the message represent the same content , the standard does not require this to be enforced in any way .
 this   to be enforced  

 Linebarger 's cultural links to China are partially expressed in the pseudonym `` Felix C. Forrest '' , which Cordwainer Smith used in addition to `` Cordwainer Smith '' : Cordwainer Smith godfather Sun Yat-Sen suggested to Linebarger that Cordwainer Smith adopt the Chinese name `` Lin Bai-lo '' , which may be roughly translated as `` Forest of Incandescent Bliss '' .
 Linebarger 's cultural links to China   are partially expressed  

 The omission of the tiara in the Pope 's personal coat of arms , however , did not mean the disappearance of Pope from papal heraldry , since the coat of arms of the Holy See was kept unaltered .
 the coat of arms of the Holy See   was kept  

 Examination of 1976 census data , for example , found that 4,376,655 , or 28.4 % of Canadians 15 years of age and over reported a level of schooling of less than grade 9 and were thus deemed not functionally literate ( Thomas , 1983 , p. 52 ) .
 Examination of 1976 census data   found  

 While the original version of Hook was said to have learned the pirating trade as the cabin boy of Edward Teach , better known as Blackbeard , this version learned Captain Hook as the Midshipman of his elder brother , a notorious pirate who commanded a frigate called the Rake .
 the original version of Hook   was said  

 A biography of Sir Henry Vane , a `` prominent member of all the commissions , which were appointed to treat with the King '' , describes Charles I of England attitude : `` During the negotiations with the King , Charles I of England manifested a fixed resolution to do all that could be done to make the best of the opportunity the country then enjoyed , of securing to itself the blessings of liberty '' .
 all   could be done  

 Leukemia is the cultural successor to tuberculosis , which held this cultural position until tuberculosis was discovered to be an infectious disease .
 tuberculosis   was discovered  

 An Irishman named Gunning is widely believed to have beheaded Charles , and a plaque naming Charles I of England as the executioner is on show in the King 's Head pub in Galway , Ireland .
 An Irishman   is widely believed  

 After some losses before the council , Calvin believed John Calvin was defeated ; on 24 July 1553 John Calvin asked the council to allow John Calvin to resign .
 John Calvin   to resign  

 For example the Italian flag code expressly replaces the Italian flag for Flag of Europe when dignitaries from other EU countries visit -- for example Flag of Europe would be in the middle of a group of three flags rather than the Italian flag .
 dignitaries from other EU countries   visit  

 No Catholic is known to have done so in the 18th century .
 No Catholic   is known  

 Jack Lemmon also became enamored of the piano and learned to play it on Jack Lemmon own .
 Jack Lemmon   enamored  

 An olive tree in west Athens , named `` Plato 's Olive Tree '' , was said to be a remnant of the grove within which Plato 's Academy was situated , which would make Olive approximately 2,400 years old .
 An olive tree in west Athens   was said  

 A kipper is a whole herring that has been split from tail to head , gutted , salted or pickled , and cold smoked .
 a whole herring   gutted  

 The person invoking laches is asserting that an opposing party has `` slept on its rights , '' and that , as a result of this delay , circumstances have changed such that Laches (equity) is no longer just to grant the plaintiff 's original claim .
 circumstances   have changed such  

 The recent passage of a revised Mutual Fund Act 2007 , Securities Act 2007 and Insurance Act 2007 are meant to be the catalysts to move Seychelles from just another offshore jurisdiction to a full fledged Offshore Financial Center ( OFC ) .
 The recent passage of a revised Mutual Fund Act 2007   are meant  

 Truman Capote famously said about Jack Kerouac work , `` That 's not writing , it 's typing '' .
 it   's typing  

 The amount of oil contained in the fruit differs greatly by cultivar ; the pericarp is usually 60 -- 70 % oil .
 The amount of oil   differs greatly  

 During the Blackest Night event , when word got out that apparently everyone around the world who have died are rising as undead Black Lanterns , Lex Luthor isolates himself in his safehouse in fear that all the people he had murdered over the years would also reanimate and seek revenge on him .
 all the people he had murdered over the years   would also reanimate  

 Robert E. Lee 's assessment of Davis as President was , `` I knew of none that could have done as well '' .
 none   could have done as well  

 Mitch Kapor also co-founded , and is on the board of , the Level Playing Field Institute , a 501c ( 3 ) dedicated to fairness in education and workplaces .
 Mitch Kapor   co-founded  

 From this doctrine arose the Epicurean epitaph : Non fui , fui , non sum , non curo ( Epicurus was not ; Epicurus was ; Epicurus am not ; Epicurus do not care ) -- which is inscribed on the gravestones of Epicurus followers and seen on many ancient gravestones of the Roman Empire .
 Epicurus   was not  

 The non-silicates have great economic importance , as Mineral concentrate elements more than the silicate minerals do .
 the silicate minerals   do  

 This characteristic was used to alter where the Alto would boot from .
 the Alto   would boot  

 Similarly , at a fixed temperature below Superconductivity , Superconductivity materials cease to superconduct when an external magnetic field is applied which is greater than the critical magnetic field .
 an external magnetic field   is applied  

 However , the Coes write that xicalli referred to the gourd out of which the beverage was consumed and that the use of a frothing stick ( known as a molinollo ) was a product of creolisation between the Spanish and Aztec ; the original frothing method used by the indigenous people was simply pouring the drink from a height into another vessel .
 the beverage   was consumed  

 In order to fly non-stop across the Atlantic Ocean , Concorde was developed to have the greatest supersonic range of any aircraft .
 Concorde   was developed  

 The hint was taken : in all provinces where serfdom existed , emancipation committees were formed .
 emancipation committees   were formed  

 Second Prize winners ( up to 10 winners of this were allowed ) received Encyclopedia Brown five-volume boxed sets and an autographed copy of `` Encyclopedia Brown and the Case of the Treasure Hunt '' .
 up to 10 winners of this   were allowed  

 The film pays a great deal of attention to Shatner 's interviews with Stewart at Patrick Stewart home in Oxfordshire as well as at a Star Trek Convention in Las Vegas , Nevada ; Stewart reveals the fear and personal failings that came along with Patrick Stewart tenure as a Starfleet captain , but also the great triumphs Patrick Stewart believes accompanied Patrick Stewart role as Captain Jean-Luc Picard .
 the great triumphs Patrick Stewart believes   accompanied  

 Michael Palin youngest child , Rachel ( b. 1975 ) is a BBC TV director , whose work includes , shown on BBC2 throughout October and November 2010 .
 a BBC TV director   includes  

 A person who before the Court of Justice of the European Communities swears anything which he knows to be false or does not believe to be true is , whatever his nationality , guilty of perjury .
 A person who before the Court of Justice of the European Communities swears anything   is  

 When in 1783 the landlord of the Turks Head died and the property was sold , The Club moved to Sackville Street .
 the landlord of the Turks Head   died  

 Additionally , since different frequencies of light have slightly different indexes of refraction in most materials , refraction can be used to produce dispersion spectra that appear as rainbows .
 dispersion spectra   appear  

 In addition to the ability to add sound files , the presentation can be designed to run , like a movie , on Microsoft PowerPoint own .
 In addition to the ability to add sound files , the presentation can be designed to run , like a movie   own  

 `` We may justifiably ask , '' observes Kerenyi , `` Why was this great mythical hunter , who in Greece became a mysterious god of the underworld , a capturer of wild animals and not a killer ?
 We   may justifiably ask  

 This was the first time when a form of media was `` broadcast '' to a wider audience .
 a form of media   broadcast  

 When the group becomes upset at the question , Satisficing is not because this person is wrong to ask , but rather because Satisficing have come up with a solution that works .
 this person   to ask  

 For Wittgenstein , this is a grammatical point , part of the way in which the language-game involving the word `` pain '' is played .
 the language-game involving the word `` pain ''   is played  

 Papal dispensation was granted on 18 August 1450 because the spouses were too closely related and this concurs with the later date of marriage .
 this   concurs  

 A 2007 book titled Reflections on the Dawn of Consciousness : Julian Jaynes 's Bicameral Mind Theory Revisited contains several of Jaynes 's essays along with chapters by scholars from a variety of disciplines expanding on Julian Jaynes ideas .
 A 2007 book   titled  

 With the discovery of the extent of environmental and health damage caused by the lead , however , and the incompatibility of lead with catalytic converters found on virtually all newly sold US automobiles since 1975 , this practice began to wane ( encouraged by many governments introducing differential tax rates ) in the 1980s .
 this practice   to wane  

 Pierre Teilhard de Chardin was a leading proponent of orthogenesis , the idea that evolution occurs in a directional , goal driven way , argued in terms that today go under the banner of convergent evolution .
 the idea that evolution occurs in a directional , goal driven way   argued  

 Microsoft PowerPoint is Raytheon Elcan does .
 Raytheon Elcan   does  

 For example , Mohe County , Heilongjiang has a 24-hour average temperature in January approaching , while the corresponding figure in July exceeds .
 the corresponding figure in July   exceeds  

 Long-acting gonadotropin-releasing hormones , such as Triptorelin ( Trelstar ) which reduces the release of gonadotropin hormones , are also used .
 Long-acting gonadotropin-releasing hormones , such as Triptorelin   are also used  

 Most parabolic dunes do not reach heights higher than a few tens of metres except at Dune nose , where vegetation stops or slows the advance of accumulating sand .
 vegetation   stops  

 Average rainfall is highest at the coast , 3000 -- 5000 mm per year , moving inland this decreases and at the eastern border of the country the average rainfall is 2000-2500mm .
 inland   decreases  

 The host adapter grounds this pin ; if a device sees that the pin is grounded , Parallel ATA becomes the master device ; if Parallel ATA sees that pin 28 is open , the device becomes the slave device .
 the pin   is grounded  

 Although Schizophrenia have significantly contributed to the current diagnostic criteria , the specificity of first-rank symptoms has been questioned .
 the specificity of first-rank symptoms   has been questioned  

 The structure of Nucleosome is remarkably conserved , and even a change of over 100 residues between frog and yeast histones results in electron density maps with an overall root mean square deviation of only 1.6 Å .
 histones results in electron density maps with an overall root   mean  

 As the first stage of the invasion plan Governor De Vecchi ordered the two Sultanates to disarm .
 the two Sultanates   to disarm  

 Chinese businesses in Malaysia developed as part of the larger bamboo network , a network of overseas Chinese businesses operating in the markets of Southeast Asia that share common family and cultural ties .
 Chinese businesses in Malaysia   developed  

 Robert Borthwick and a Frenchman , Antoine d'Arces , were involved in designing new artillery defences and fortifications in 1514 , although little work appears to have been carried out .
 little work   to have been carried out  

 The carburetor intake was much larger , a long duct like that on the Nakajima B6N Tenzan was added , and a large spinner -- like that on the Yokosuka D4Y Suisei with the Kinsei 62 -- was mounted .
 a large spinner -- like that on the Yokosuka D4Y Suisei with the Kinsei 62   was mounted  

 A security reduction for the protocol is given in the case where , instead of a hash function , a random oracle answers each query randomly but consistently ; Oracle machine is assumed to be available to all parties including the attacker , as the hash function is .
 Oracle machine   is assumed  

 The less cursive often show am approximation to the book-hand , the letters growing rounder and less angular than in the 3rd century ; in the more cursive linking was carried further , both by the insertion of coupling strokes and by the writing of several letters continuously without raising the pen , so that before the end of the century an almost current hand was evolved .
 an almost current hand   was evolved  

 With the exception of this last play -- the success of which is uncertain -- all of Aeschylus extant tragedies are known to have won first prize at the City Dionysia .
 all of Aeschylus extant tragedies   are known  

 Additionally , in the colonies , only Roman Catholics could own slaves , and these had to be baptised .
 these   to be baptised  

 Emphasizing spontaneity and randomness , the techniques of circuit bending have been commonly associated with noise music , though many more conventional contemporary musicians and musical groups have been known to experiment with `` bent '' instruments .
 many more conventional contemporary musicians and musical groups   have been known  

 In a 12th-century text titled Mappae clavicula there are instructions on how to perform the weighings in the water in order to calculate the percentage of silver used , and thus solve the problem .
 the percentage of silver   used  

 The wing changes had much greater effects on performance than expected .
 much greater effects on performance   expected  

 Ismaili Islam also has some of the characteristics associated with esotericism as defined by Faivre , e.g. the belief in an intermediate spiritual sphere mediating between humans and the divine .
 an intermediate spiritual sphere   mediating  

 John Climacus is one of the most widely read and much-beloved books of Byzantine spirituality .
 most   widely read  

 Mamajek 2 appears to have formed in the same star-forming complex as the NGC 2516 cluster roughly 135 million years ago .
 Mamajek 2   appears  

 After the Romans had departed the Franks took charge .
 the Romans   had departed  

 Strabo , writing some 400 years later , adds that Charaxus was trading with Lesbian wine and that Sappho called Rhodopis Doricha .
 Charaxus   was trading  

 Another explanation as to where the giraffe 's neck came from is sexual selection .
 the giraffe 's neck   came  

 The court was left with the impression that the vast sums of money needed to support Louis XIV of France lifestyle could only have been obtained through embezzlement of government funds .
 the vast sums of money   could only have been obtained  

 A large amount of tree planting was carried out , including a variety of American species specially imported from Philadelphia in 1759 .
 A large amount of tree planting   was carried out  

 Postmodernism music , on the other hand , shares characteristics with Postmodernism art -- that is , art that comes after and reacts against modernism ( see Modernism in Music ) .
 that is , art   comes  

 South Africa also attempted to vote against economic sanctions for Iran ; however , this was changed after South Africa realised that the ` no ' vote would be defeated .
 vote   would be defeated  

 The BBC states the ITU decided further study of broader social implications was needed .
 further study of broader social implications   was needed  

 Also , a fighter jet flying straight and level will be able to do so closer to the crowd and lower than if Air show were performing a roll or a loop .
 a fighter jet   flying straight  

 Earl Warren never felt that doctrine alone should be allowed to deprive people of justice .
 doctrine alone   should be allowed  

 Murillo , who toiled for a rich and powerful church , left little means to pay for Diego Velázquez burial , while Velázquez lived and died in the enjoyment of good salaries and pensions .
 Velázquez   lived  

 Following John S. Kloppenborg , Burton L. Mack believes that there are three major layers to it , each of which coincides with a stage in this community 's life .
 three major layers to it   coincides  

 The infant Oedipus eventually came to the house of Polybus , king of Corinth and his queen , Merope , who adopted him as Oedipus were without children of Oedipus own .
 The infant Oedipus eventually came to the house of Polybus , king of Corinth and his queen , Merope ,   own  

 A filmmaker can work alone this way , as J. Thaddeus `` Mindcrime '' Skubis did in creating the nearly four-hour The Seal of Nehahra ( 2000 ) , the longest work of machinima at the time .
 A filmmaker   can work alone  

 Producer Deeley made a deal with fellow producer David Puttnam , whose film Midnight Express was nominated , that each would take $ 500 to the ceremony so if one of them won , the winner would give the loser the $ 500 to `` drown his sorrows in style '' .
 Midnight Express   was nominated  

 The beginning of the Republic is marked by the first appearance of the two consuls elected on a yearly basis .
 the two consuls   elected  

 Two rivers divided by a mountain spur form the two main valleys in which Nagasaki lies .
 the two main valleys   lies  

 A trip to Egypt in 1910 impressed Cassatt with the beauty of its ancient art , but was followed by a crisis of creativity ; not only had the trip exhausted Mary Cassatt , but Mary Cassatt declared Mary Cassatt `` crushed by the strength of this Art '' , saying , `` Mary Cassatt fought against it but it conquered , it is surely the greatest Art the past has left us ... how are Mary Cassatt feeble hands to ever paint the effect on Mary Cassatt '' .
 it   conquered  

 The subsequent outbreak of the civil war in 1991 meant that the Somali National Army ` ceased to exist ' .
 the Somali National Army   to exist  

 A number of huge department stores such as Zhongyang Shangchang sprouted up , attracting merchants from all over China to sell their products in Nanjing .
 Zhongyang Shangchang   sprouted up  

 Orangutans do not swim , although Orangutan have been recorded wading in water .
 Orangutan   have been recorded  

 When Servetus mentioned that John Calvin would come to Geneva if Calvin agreed , Calvin wrote a letter to Farel on 13 February 1546 noting that if Servetus were to come , John Calvin would not assure John Calvin safe conduct : `` for if John Calvin came , as far as John Calvin authority goes , John Calvin would not let John Calvin leave alive '' .
 John Calvin   came  

 Quantum chemistry , a subfield of physical chemistry especially concerned with the application of quantum mechanics to chemical problems , provides tools to determine how strong and what shape bonds are , how nuclei move , and how light can be absorbed or emitted by a chemical compound .
 nuclei   move  

 In normal cells CDV activates caspase-8 first which works as the initiator protein followed by the executioner protein caspase-3 .
 the initiator protein   followed  

 In the era preceding the secret ballot when votes were publicly declared , Macdonald defeated John A. Macdonald opponent , Anthony Manahan , by 275 `` shouts '' to 42 when the two-day election concluded on 15 October 1844 .
 votes   were publicly declared  

 One is the relatively rare first possession theory of property , where ownership of something is seen as justified simply by someone seizing something before someone else does .
 someone seizing something before someone else   does  

 Between the Civil War and the end of World War II , Missouri transitioned from a rural economy to a hybrid industrial-service-agricultural economy as the Midwest rapidly industrialized .
 the Midwest   rapidly industrialized  

 After each trick is played , any face-down cards uncovered are turned face-up .
 any face-down cards   uncovered  

 Structuralism determined that the inventory of sounds in a language could be analyzed in terms of a series of contrasts .
 the inventory of sounds in a language   could be analyzed  

 Magnavox Odyssey² could be plugged and unplugged from the back of the unit , while all later silver and all black controllers were hardwired into the rear of the unit Magnavox Odyssey² ( although the joysticks still can be easily replaced , but not without dismounting the cover deck ) .
 Magnavox Odyssey²   unplugged  

 However , while kõšė is perceived as having a rising pitch ( or ) , this is not supported acoustically ; measurements do not find a consistent tone associated with such syllables that distinguish them from unaccented heavy syllables .
 this   is not supported acoustically  

 On May 7 , 2012 , a San Francisco jury found that if APIs could be copyrighted , then Google had infringed Oracle 's copyrights by the use of Java (programming language) in Android devices .
 APIs   could be copyrighted  

 An example in English : STINK + PAST = stank ( i becomes a ) An internal modification might be a suprasegmental modification .
 i   becomes  

 To that end , Kepler composed an essay -- dedicated to Ferdinand -- in which Johannes Kepler proposed a force-based theory of lunar motion : `` In Terra inest virtus , quae Lunam ciet '' ( `` There is a force in the earth which causes the moon to move '' ) .
 the moon   to move  

 Ximénez states the number of weapons The Spanish Inquisition (Monty Python) have ( `` Our two/three/four weapons are ... '' ) , then lists one more than he had counted , before starting over using a higher number .
 Our two/three/four weapons   are  

 Marsupial must develop grasping forepaws during their early youth , making the transition from these limbs into hooves , wings , or flippers , as some groups of placental mammals have done , far more difficult .
 some groups of placental mammals   have done  

 Updike 's character Rabbit Angstrom , the protagonist of the series of novels widely considered John Updike magnum opus , has been said to have `` entered the pantheon of signal American literary figures , '' along with Huckleberry Finn , Jay Gatsby , Holden Caulfield and others .
 Updike 's character   has been said  

 Anteros was the son of Ares and Aphrodite in Greek mythology , given to his brother Eros , who was lonely , as a playmate , the rationale being that love must be answered if Anteros is to prosper .
 love   must be answered  

 Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola , Inc. , as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off .
 Motorola Mobility   being spun off  

 However , superior sugar colonies in the western hemisphere began to hurt the islands .
 superior sugar colonies in the western hemisphere   began  

 Additionally , the southern edge of the Tiergarten was to be redefined , with a new road planned to slice through the built-up area immediately to the north of Columbushaus ( although Columbushaus itself would remain unscathed ) ; this road would line up with Voßstraße , one block to the north of Leipziger Platz .
 this road   would line up  

 Although no other instances of lion predation on chimpanzees have been recorded , the larger group sizes of savanna chimps may have developed as a response to threats from these big cats .
 no other instances of lion predation on chimpanzees   have been recorded  

 Early focal-plane shutters designed from the 1930s onwards usually consisted of two curtains that travelled horizontally across the film gate : an opening shutter curtain followed by a closing shutter curtain .
 an opening shutter curtain   followed  

 The most Pete Best could do , Pete Best recalls , was to offer to retrain them in other fields , `` which was an emotional issue for people who had done one kind of work all their lives '' .
 Pete Best   recalls  

 The time taken for Oscillation to occur is often referred to as the oscillatory period .
 The time taken   to occur  

 A `` lock-in '' is when a pub owner lets drinkers stay in the pub after the legal closing time : the theory is that once the doors are locked , Public house becomes a private party rather than a pub .
 the doors   are locked  

 The association of these ethnic names with the octave species appears to precede Aristoxenus , who criticized their application to the tonoi by the earlier theorists whom he called the Harmonicists ( Mathiesen 2001a , 6 ( iii ) ( d ) ) .
 The association of these ethnic names with the octave species   appears  

 The system supports SDTV resolutions up to 480i ( 576i for PAL units ) although few games made use of this `` high resolution '' mode , many of which required the use of the Expansion Pak RAM upgrade .
 Pak RAM   upgrade  

 Pressing the Town button actuated a motor to rotate the tuning mechanism while the receiver sensitivity was reduced so that only local ( stronger ) signals would be received .
 the receiver sensitivity   was reduced  

 You know Chartres Cathedral might be just this one anonymous glory of all things , this rich stone forest , this epic chant , this gaiety , this grand choiring shout of affirmation , which we choose when all our cities are dust , to stand intact , to mark where we have been , to testify to what we had it in us , to accomplish .
 You   know  

 One of the unusual features of Chartres cathedral is the speed with which Chartres Cathedral was built -- a factor which helped contribute to the consistency of Chartres Cathedral design .
 Chartres Cathedral   was built  

 For all John Updike fabled Protestantism , both American Puritan and Lutheran-Barthian , with its cold glitter , its insistence on the aching gap between God and John Updike creatures , Updike seems less like Hawthorne than Balzac , in John Updike unstopping and limitless energy , and John Updike cheerfully professional belief that stories can be continued ; the very form of the Rabbit books -- here extended a further instance -- suggests continuance .
 Updike   seems  

 If the professional version was purchased in CD-ROM form , Microsoft Office also included Bookshelf .
 the professional version   was purchased  

 It is the common belief that Henry Stewart was born on 7 December , but this is disputed .
 this   is disputed  

 Another non-analytic generalization is the Burning Ship fractal , which is obtained by iterating the mapping Mandelbrot set is obtained by varying the value of the exponent d .
 the Burning Ship fractal   is obtained  

 King of East Anglia and Christian martyr St Edmund ( after whom the town of Bury St Edmunds is named ) was killed by invading Danes in the year 869 .
 the town of Bury St Edmunds   is named  

 Doctors continued to try to find out how the blood clot got to the brain , and an echocardiogram revealed a small hole in Ariel Sharon heart , which doctors judged was probably a birth defect .
 Doctors   continued  

 The narrator is surprised that the raven can talk , though at this point The Raven has said nothing further .
 the raven   can talk  

 However , Baylor University professor Dr. J. Gordon Melton has written that Hubbard disregarded and abrogated much of his earlier views about women , which Melton views as merely echos of common prejudices at the time .
 Hubbard   disregarded  

 `` The very name of the hero , Michael , to whom Joseph Goebbels gave many autobiographical features , suggests the way Joseph Goebbels self-identification was pointing : a figure of light , radiant , tall , unconquerable , '' and above all '' ` To be a soldier !
 Joseph Goebbels self-identification   was pointing  

 Naturist clubs were willing to allow filming by the media on Naturism grounds , though the content that proved not to be of genuine naturism ended up being parodied by the media as the norm .
 genuine naturism   ended up  

 A sugar based candy craft called alfeñique was adapted , but often with indigenous themes , especially today for Day of the Dead .
 A sugar based candy craft called alfeñique   was adapted  

 The first inklings of Nilo-Saharan languages came in 1912 , when Diedrich Westermann included three of the ( still independent ) Central Sudanic families within Nilotic in a proposal he called Niloto-Sudanic ; this expanded Nilotic was in turn linked to Nubian , Kunama , and possibly Berta , essentially Greenberg 's Macro-Sudanic ( Chari -- Nile ) proposal of 1954 .
 this   expanded  

 Most complaints revolved around the lack of communication by Khronos to the development community and multiple features being discarded that were viewed favorably by many .
 multiple features   being discarded  

 Chauvin 's distinguished record of service and Nicolas Chauvin love and devotion for Napoleon , which endured despite the price Nicolas Chauvin willingly paid for them , is said to have earned Nicolas Chauvin only ridicule and derision in Restoration France , when Bonapartism became increasingly unpopular .
 Chauvin 's distinguished record of service and Nicolas Chauvin love and devotion for Napoleon   is said  

 Narnia , as The Chronicles of Narnia knew The Chronicles of Narnia , is no more , as more than 1,000 years have passed and their castle is in ruins , while all Narnians have retreated so far within themselves that only Aslan 's magic can wake them .
 more than 1,000 years   have passed  

 On 24 January 2008 , the same team reported to have synthesized the complete 582,970-base pair genome of Mycoplasma genitalium ( a key gene that enables the wild organism to cause disease was knocked out ) .
 disease   was knocked out  

 In pump-action shotguns , a sliding forearm handle ( the pump ) works the action , extracting the spent shell and inserting a new one while cocking the hammer or striker as the pump is worked .
 the pump   is worked  

 In the human mind , the facts used must remain invariable as long as the brain reasons with them .
 the facts   used  

 Until 2003 , Taban Amin ( born 1955 ) , Idi Amin eldest son , was the leader of West Nile Bank Front ( WNBF ) , a rebel group opposed to the government of Yoweri Museveni .
 Taban Amin   born  

 Klaatu escapes and lodges at a boarding house , assuming the alias `` Mr. Carpenter '' , The Day the Earth Stood Still he finds on the cleaners tag on the suit he `` borrowed '' .
 Klaatu   escapes  

 It is generally agreed that `` Unlike the Vedas , which have to be preserved letter-perfect , the epic was a popular work whose reciters would inevitably conform to changes in language and style , '' so the earliest ` surviving ' components of this dynamic text are believed to be no older than the earliest ` external ' references we have to the epic , which may include an allusion in Panini 's fourth century BCE grammar Ashtādhyāyī 4:2:56 .
 the earliest ` surviving ' components of this dynamic text   are believed  

 With the 1952 test of the first U.S. hydrogen bomb , code named `` Ivy Mike '' , the island of Elugelab in the Enewetak atoll was destroyed .
 code named `` Ivy Mike '' , the island of Elugelab in the Enewetak atoll   was destroyed  

 However , these were accompanied by victories against Inter Milan and a sensational victory against Bayern Munich in the return fixture , which saw A.S. Roma fight back from 0 -- 2 down at half-time to emerge as 3 -- 2 winners .
 A.S. Roma   fight back  

 While this term does not confer legal protection , and a patent can not be enforced until granted , Patent serves to provide warning to potential infringers that if the patent is issued , Patent may be liable for damages .
 the patent   is issued  

 However , because Wiener 's work on the topic was limited , the established name became just Stefan Banach spaces .
 Wiener 's work on the topic   was limited  

 The Australian Institute of Marine Science agrees , placing the beginning of the growth of the current reef at the time of the Last Glacial Maximum .
 The Australian Institute of Marine Science   agrees  

 After a few months the non-manuals reappear , this time being used the way adult signers would use them .
 the non-manuals   reappear  

 Except for female sovereigns , the next Lady of the Garter named was Queen Alexandra , by her husband King Edward VII .
 the next Lady of the Garter   named  

 Swahili is well known for having words beginning with prenasalized stops , as in ndege ` bird ' , and is many languages of the South Pacific , such as Fijian , these are even spelled with single letters : b mb , d nd .
 these   are even spelled  

 For the decay of Muon , the expected decay distribution for the Standard Model values of Michel parameters is The electron energy distribution integrated over the polar angle is Due to the muons decaying by the weak interaction , parity conservation is violated .
 parity conservation   is violated  

 After the King was in arm 's reach of Cromwell , Oliver Cromwell was eager to find out what conditions the King would be willing to compromise on if Oliver Cromwell authority was restored .
 the King   to compromise on  

 The law of good gestalt focuses on the idea of conciseness , which is what all of gestalt theory is based on .
 all of gestalt theory   is based  

 Nazi-hunter Simon Wiesenthal wrote to organisers of a Swedish book fair to which Singer was invited that `` A professor of morals ... who justifies the right to kill handicapped newborns ... is in Peter Singer opinion unacceptable for representation at your level '' .
 Singer   was invited  

 Pressure also acts upward , as demonstrated when someone tries to push a beach ball beneath the surface of the water .
 Pressure   acts upward  

 House front poles were meant to show the success of the families .
 House front poles   were meant  

 Control theory is Control systems may be thought of as having four functions : Measure , Compare , Compute .
 Control systems   may be thought  

 In IceTV v Nine Network , for example , the High Court of Australia noted that the title of the Statute `` echoed explicitly the emphasis on the practical or utilitarian importance that certain seventeenth century philosophers attached to knowledge and Statute of Anne encouragement in the scheme of human progress '' .
 certain seventeenth century philosophers   attached  

 In fact , over 9 % of foreign loanwords in Spanish language can be traced back to Spanish .
 over 9 % of foreign loanwords in Spanish language   can be traced back  

 The following verse from the Torah underscores that symbolism : `` And they embittered ( ve-yimareru וימררו ) their lives with hard labor , with mortar and with bricks and with all manner of labor in the field ; any labor that Passover made them do was with hard labor '' ( Exodus 1:14 ) .
 The following verse from the Torah   underscores  

 Bit rates commonly supported include 75 , 110 , 300 , 1200 , 2400 , 4800 , 9600 , 19200 , 38400 , 57600 and 115200 bit/s .
 Bit rates   commonly supported  

 The exact nature of the `` re-discovery '' has been somewhat debated : De Vries published first on the subject , mentioning Mendel in a footnote , while Correns pointed out Mendel 's priority after having read De Vries 's paper and realizing that he himself did not have priority .
 The exact nature of the `` re-discovery   has been somewhat debated  

 Any individual receiving at least 18 affirmative votes ( 75 percent of all votes cast ) from the Honors Committee is approved for induction into the Hall of Fame .
 all votes   cast  

 At the end of 1914 the SAFL ( as Port Adelaide Football Club was known from 1907 to 1927 ) put together a combined team from the six other SAFL clubs to play Port which the Magpies won .
 Port Adelaide Football Club   was known  

 Once the first talkie features appeared , the conversion to full sound production happened as rapidly in India as it did in the United States .
 the first talkie features   appeared  

 A disadvantage is that this type of source will not produce the neutron flux that can be obtained using a reactor .
 the neutron flux   can be obtained  

 Establishing the cause of psychosis requires clinical examination , and sometimes special investigations , to diagnose or exclude secondary causes of psychosis ; if these are excluded , a primary psychiatric diagnosis can be established .
 these   are excluded  

 Laches is an `` unreasonable delay pursuing a right or claim ... in a way that prejudices the opposing party '' When asserted in litigation , Laches (equity) is an equitable defense , or doctrine .
 a way   prejudices  

 Edinburgh Castle appears in charters of David I ( ruled 1124 -- 1153 ) and his successors , although Edinburgh Castle origins are obscure .
 I   ruled  

 John and Jane had issue : As a part of the 1872 Iwakura Mission Mr. Abbott was given guardianship of Shige Nagai , a Japanese girl sent to the United States to be educated .
 a Japanese girl sent to the United States   to be educated  

 Leonardo da Vinci began making studies in 1504 for a painting , apparently never executed , of Leda seated on the ground with her children .
 Leonardo da Vinci   apparently never executed  

 Most gasoline sold in Sweden has 5-15 % ethanol added .
 5-15 % ethanol   added  

 With expanded irrigation development came expanded settlement has several new towns were established .
 several new towns   were established  

 Herpin stated that Philately had been collected and studied for the previous six or seven years and a better name was required for the new hobby than timbromanie , which was disliked .
 Philately   had been collected  

 In recent centuries , when Pope was judged to have died , it was reportedly traditional for the Cardinal Chamberlain to confirm the death ceremonially by gently tapping Pope head thrice with a silver hammer , calling his birth name each time .
 Pope   was judged  

 Wood from the tree was made into furniture , canes , walking sticks and various trinkets that Philadelphians kept as relics .
 Wood from the tree   was made  

 In 784 Kammu shifted Emperor Kammu capital from Nara to Nagaoka-kyō in a move that was said to be designed to edge the powerful Nara Buddhist establishments out of state politics -- while the capital moved , the major Buddhist temples , and their officials , stayed put .
 their officials   put  

 In particular the space of all functions from the real line to Separable space , endowed with the product topology , is a separable Hausdorff space of cardinality .
 Separable space   endowed  

 A project to translate the full epic into English prose , translated by various hands , began to appear in 2005 from the Clay Sanskrit Library , published by New York University Press .
 A project to translate the full epic into English prose , translated by various hands ,   began  

 In his book Final Cut : Dreams and Disaster in the Making of Heaven 's Gate , Steven Bach wrote , `` critics seemed to feel obliged to go on the record about The Deer Hunter , to demonstrate that their critical credentials were un-besmirched by having been , as Sarris put it , ` taken in ' '' .
 their critical credentials   by having been  

 The instrument , which extends Sax 's original family , as Saxophone is pitched a full octave higher than the B soprano sax , is manufactured by Benedikt Eppelsheim , of Munich , Germany .
 Saxophone   is pitched  

 Recently , Ken Nordtvedt has split I2a2 into two clades - N ( northern ) and S ( southern ) , in relation where Slavic peoples arose compared to Danube river .
 Slavic peoples   arose  

 The academic Muhamed Filipović , in an interview to Slovenian television , told of a local court in a Croatian district requesting a paid translator to translate from Bosnian to Croatian before the trial could proceed .
 the trial   could proceed  

 The 45 minutes choral work is based on the writings of Indian Spiritual leader Sri Ramakrishna , which seem `` to have genuinely inspired and revived the composer out of Philip Glass old formulas to write something fresh '' , as one critic remarked , whereas another noted that `` The musical style breaks little new ground for Glass , except for the glorious Handelian ending the `` composer 's style ideally fits the devotional text '' .
 composer 's style   ideally fits  

 Jason grew in the care of Chiron the centaur , on Mount Pelium , to be educated while Pelias , paranoid that he would be overthrown , was warned by an oracle to beware a man wearing one sandal .
 he   would be overthrown  

 As the quartz window is expensive to make , OTP ( one-time programmable ) chips were introduced ; here , the die is mounted in an opaque package so EPROM can not be erased after programming - this also eliminates the need to test the erase function , further reducing cost .
 the quartz window   to make  

 When Heracles returned with the Erymanthian Boar , Eurystheus was frightened and hid again in his jar and begged Heracles to get rid of the beast ; Heracles obliged .
 Heracles   obliged  

 When a player holds a drawing hand , or a hand that is behind now but is likely to win if a certain card is drawn , Pot odds are used to determine the expected value of that hand when the player is faced with a bet .
 a certain card   is drawn  

 Uncle Tom's Cabin opens with a Kentucky farmer named Arthur Shelby facing the loss of his farm because of debts .
 Uncle Tom's Cabin   opens  

 Although commercial deposits of minerals have not been found , exploration for natural gas beneath the eastern end of Prince Edward Island has resulted in the discovery of an undisclosed quantity of gas .
 commercial deposits of minerals   have not been found  

 The share for diversifying and expanding productive sectors of the economy ( primarily industry ) did not rise as planned , but the two industrial cities of Jubail and Yanbu -- built around the use of the country 's oil and gas to produce steel , petrochemicals , fertilizer , and refined oil products -- were largely completed .
 the two industrial cities of Jubail and Yanbu   were largely completed  

 Hercule Poirot would go on to use the `` little grey cells '' line countless times throughout Agatha Christie 's fiction .
 Hercule Poirot   would go on  

 After the Beijing government assumed the China seat in the United Nations in 1971 ( and the ROC government was expelled ) and became increasingly more significant as a global player , most nations switched diplomatic relations from the Republic of China to the People 's Republic of China .
 the ROC government   was expelled  

 The event was used by the science fiction writer Philip José Farmer in his `` biographies '' of fictional characters ( Tarzan Alive and ) as the basis for a literary premise commonly referred to as the Wold Newton family .
 a literary premise   commonly referred  

 It appears that once road traffic reaches the base , vehicles are routed to a large facility where imagery shows a large number of tractor-trailers and other vehicles are parked .
 a large number of tractor-trailers and other vehicles   are parked  

 Two outer rings of twelve circles each contain the 24 Elders of the Apocalypse , crowned and carrying phials and musical instruments .
 the 24 Elders of the Apocalypse   crowned  

 The analogy Edsger W. Dijkstra made was to contrast the compositional approaches of Mozart and Beethoven .
 Edsger W. Dijkstra   made  

 Before use , hanks are wound into balls in which Crochet emerges from the center , making Crochet easier by preventing Crochet from becoming easily tangled .
 Crochet   easily tangled  

 Anthony Trollope found that the resentment created by Anthony Trollope accusations of bragging remained .
 the resentment created by Anthony Trollope accusations of bragging   remained  

 These were arranged in triangular clumps so that the screen of trees could be maintained when each planting had to be felled .
 each planting   to be felled  

 Some scholars identify Dirce with the Dirce bull mentioned in Pliny 's Natural History , but this is disputed .
 this   is disputed  

 Reasons why this association exists , and what the association consists of , is studied by the branch of philosophy called aesthetics .
 this association   exists  

 Therefore , Diffie -- Hellman key exchange by Diffie–Hellman key exchange trivially achieves perfect forward secrecy because no long-term private keying material exists to be disclosed .
 no long-term private keying material   to be disclosed  

 The following verse from the Torah underscores that symbolism : `` And they embittered ( ve-yimareru וימררו ) their lives with hard labor , with mortar and with bricks and with all manner of labor in the field ; any labor that Passover made them do was with hard labor '' ( Exodus 1:14 ) .
 them   do  

 Civil war resulted , from which Julius Caesar emerged as the unrivaled leader of Rome .
 Civil war   resulted  

 Vladimir Harkonnen 's assumed that ultimate conditioning can not be removed without killing the subject .
 ultimate conditioning   can not be removed  

 A more complicated example of a sequence that is defined recursively is Recaman 's sequence considered at the beginning of this section .
 a sequence   is defined recursively  

 The negotiations that ensued have fueled controversy .
 The negotiations   ensued  

 No Caribbean resort is yet known to have claimed Conrad 's patronage , although Joseph Conrad is believed to have stayed at a Fort-de-France pension upon arrival in Martinique on Joseph Conrad first voyage , in 1875 , when Joseph Conrad travelled as a passenger on the Mont Blanc .
 Joseph Conrad   is believed  

 Pressure is seen acting sideways when water spurts sideways from a leak in the side of an upright can .
 Pressure   is seen  

 Mein Kampf was widely available and growing in popularity in Turkey , even to the point where Mein Kampf became a bestseller , selling up to 100,000 copies in just two months in 2005 .
 Mein Kampf   growing  

 Your kingdom come , your will be done , on earth , as Lord's Prayer is in heaven .
 your   will be done  

 In the first year after Uncle Tom's Cabin was published , 300,000 copies of the book were sold in the United States ; one million copies were sold in Great Britain .
 Uncle Tom's Cabin   was published  

 In his book on Palestinian people , `` The Arabs in Eretz-Israel '' , Belkind advanced the idea that the dispersion of Jews out of the Land of Israel after the destruction of the Second Temple by the Roman emperor Titus is a `` historic error '' that must be corrected .
 a `` historic error   must be corrected  

 While at Fordham , Marshall McLuhan was diagnosed with a benign brain tumor ; it was treated successfully .
 it   was treated successfully  

 The interior chamber is at most 53 Å wide , though the entrance can be as narrow as 13 Å , suggesting that substrate proteins must be at least partially unfolded to enter .
 substrate proteins   to enter  

 The gag order was said to be at the request of Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld .
 The gag order   was said  

 While so many terrors hung over the people , no jury durst have acquitted a man , when the court was resolved to have him condemned .
 him   condemned  

 After Pope Clement X ( 1670 -- 76 ) died , Louis XIV of France ( 1643 -- 1715 ) again intended to use Pope Innocent XI royal influence against Odescalchi 's election .
 Pope Clement X ( 1670   died  

 New Addington , to the east , is a large local authority estate surrounded by open countryside and golf courses .
 a large local authority estate   surrounded  

 It was the third most-produced American fighter , after the P-51 and P-47 ; by November 1944 , when production of Curtiss P-40 Warhawk ceased , 13,738 had been built , all at Curtiss-Wright Corporation 's main production facilities at Buffalo , New York .
 production of Curtiss P-40 Warhawk   ceased  

 J. R. R. Tolkien lived there in the shadow of Perrott 's Folly and the Victorian tower of Edgbaston Waterworks , which may have influenced the images of the dark towers within J. R. R. Tolkien works .
 the Victorian tower of Edgbaston Waterworks   works  

 For fixed-wing aircraft , one syllable names were used for propeller-powered craft ( turboprops included ) , while two-syllable names indicated jet engines .
 turboprops   included  

 Preliminary life-cycle analysis ( LCA ) indicates that such distributed recycling of HDPE to make filament of 3-D printers in rural regions is energetically favorable to either using virgin resin or conventional recycling processes because of reductions in transportation energy Once commingled recyclates are collected and delivered to a central collection facility , the different types of materials must be sorted .
 such distributed recycling of HDPE   to make  

 On 21 February 2010 the 21:43 service from Paris to London broke down just outside Ashford International , stranding 740 passengers for several hours while a rescue train was called in .
 a rescue train   was called in  

 pHF = − log H+F pHT = − log ( H+F + HSO4 − ) = − log H+T pHSWS = − log ( H+F + HSO4 − + HF ) = − log H+SWS In practical terms , the three seawater pH scales differ in their values by up to 0.12 pH units , differences that are much larger than the accuracy of pH measurements typically required , in particular , in relation to the ocean 's carbonate system .
 pH measurements   typically required  

 However apoptosis induced by CDV in HeLa cells does not involve the initiator protein caspase-8 .
 apoptosis induced by CDV in HeLa cells   does not involve  

 Scholars such as Helck think that the context was meant to be serious .
 the context   was meant  

 On 2 June 2010 , the Reagan , with Carrier Air Wing Fourteen ( CVW-14 ) embarked , departed Naval Air Station North Island to conduct flight deck certifications .
 Carrier Air Wing Fourteen   embarked  

 One consequence of this design is that most Muppets are left-handed as the puppeteer uses The Muppets right hand to operate the head while operating the arm rod with The Muppets left hand .
 the arm rod with The Muppets   left  

 The play closes with Zeus sending Prometheus into the abyss because Prometheus refuses to divulge the secret of a potential marriage that could be Zeus ' downfall .
 The play   closes  

 Johnson later remarked Jack Johnson (boxer) knew the fight was over in the 4th round when Jack Johnson (boxer) landed an uppercut and saw the look on Jeffries face , stating `` Jack Johnson (boxer) knew what that look meant .
 Jack Johnson   saw  

 Rumors which circulated after made Cat Stevens imagine otherwise '' .
 Rumors   circulated  

 Because linguists working on Proto-Indo-European , Proto-Uralic , and Proto-Dravidian do not usually use the IPA , the transcriptions used in those fields are also given where the letters differ from the IPA symbols .
 the letters   differ  

 Margaret Mead third and longest-lasting marriage ( 1936 -- 1950 ) was to the British Anthropologist Gregory Bateson with whom Margaret Mead had a daughter , Mary Catherine Bateson , who would also become an anthropologist .
 Margaret Mead third and longest-lasting marriage ( 1936   was  

 While the Ottomans held their own in the conflict they ultimately lost with Ochakov falling in 1788 to the Russians ( all of its inhabitants being massacred .
 its inhabitants   being massacred  

 In James Abbott McNeill Whistler typically slow and experimental way , at first James Abbott McNeill Whistler had her stand , but that proved too tiring so the famous seated pose was adopted .
 her   stand  

 Silvio Berlusconi also told the media , on the sidelines of AC Milan 's practice session ( the football club Silvio Berlusconi owns along with Mediaset , the largest media outlet in the country ) : '' `` Silvio Berlusconi race to win .
 Silvio Berlusconi race   to win  

 Originally written simply for the monks of a neighboring monastery , John Climacus swiftly became one of the most widely read and much-beloved books of Byzantine spirituality .
 most   widely read  

 Thus the history of European colonisation of Asia ended where it began .
 it   began  

 Absolute magnitude allows the true brightnesses of objects to be compared without regard to distance .
 the true brightnesses of objects   to be compared  

 A problem is that the winches required to deploy/recover these are large and expensive .
 the winches   required  

 In 2009 , the movie One Fast Move or Jack Kerouac 'm Gone - Kerouac 's Big Sur was released .
 Gone - Kerouac 's Big Sur   was released  

 Conrad 's was a starkly lucid view of the human condition -- a vision similar to that which had been offered in two micro-stories by Joseph Conrad ten-years-older Polish compatriot , Bolesław Prus ( whose work Conrad greatly admired ) : `` Mold of the Earth '' ( 1884 ) and `` Shades '' ( 1885 ) .
 Conrad   greatly admired  

 In 2002 , astronomers thought Apollo 12 might have discovered another moon orbiting Earth , which Apollo 12 designated J002E3 , that turned out to be the third stage of the Apollo 12 Saturn V rocket .
 J002E3   turned out  

 The versatility of structuralism is such that a literary critic could make the same claim about a story of two friendly families ( `` Boy 's Family + Girl 's Family '' ) that arrange a marriage between their children despite the fact that the children hate each other ( `` Boy - Girl '' ) and then the children commit suicide to escape the arranged marriage ; the justification is that the second story 's structure is an ` inversion ' of the first story 's structure : the relationship between the values of love and the two pairs of parties involved have been reversed .
 the relationship between the values of love and the two pairs of parties   have been reversed  

 On the first occasion , Wavell 's offensive in 1940 had failed when with his lines of supply overstretched , political decisions intervened to withdraw troops to fight in Greece and East Africa while his opponents were reinforced with the Afrika Korps .
 his opponents   were reinforced  

 While Edsger W. Dijkstra had programmed extensively in machine code in the 1950s , Edsger W. Dijkstra came to the conclusion that in high-level languages frequent use of the GOTO statement was usually symptomatic of poor structure .
 Edsger W. Dijkstra   had programmed extensively  

 In Britain the term parade is usually reserved for either military Parade or other occasions where participants march in formation ; for celebratory occasions the word procession is more usual .
 participants   march  

 As a program became properly debugged most of the exception handling could be removed or disabled : this level of control became less important when conversational execution became commonplace .
 most of the exception handling   disabled  

 The dual pricing structure is expected to begin on May 1 , 2010 .
 The dual pricing structure   is expected  

 The difficulty is heightened when songs merge , as in `` Now '' / `` Later '' / `` Soon '' , because all three have to be performed in the same key , limiting the ability to pick a comfortable key for each singer .
 songs   merge  

 Lee sparked controversy on a March 28 , 2004 , segment on ABC when Spike Lee said that basketball player Larry Bird was overrated because of Spike Lee race , saying , `` The most overrated player of all time , Spike Lee would say it 'd be Larry Bird .
 basketball player Larry Bird   saying  

 22When the three hundred trumpets sounded , Adonai caused the men throughout the camp to turn on each other with their swords .
 the men throughout the camp   to turn  

 Hendrix 's arrival had an immediate and major effect on the next phase of Clapton 's career , although Eric Clapton continued to be recognised in UK music polls as the premier guitarist .
 Eric Clapton   continued  

 Methanol have the shortest carbon chain of all Alcohol ( one carbon atom ) followed by ethanol ( two carbon atoms .
 the shortest carbon chain of all Alcohol   followed  

 If the degradation of natural and social capital has such important consequence the question arises why action is not taken more systematically to alleviate Sustainable development .
 the question   arises  

 The bean bag round is by far the most common less lethal round used .
 the most common less lethal round   used  

 The church cites the AP Stylebook , which states , `` The term Mormon is not properly applied to the other Latter Day Saints churches that resulted from the split after Joseph Smith 's death '' .
 the AP Stylebook   states  

 Ted Hoff , the Intel engineer assigned to evaluate the project , believed the Busicom design could be simplified by using dynamic RAM storage for data , rather than shift register memory , and a more traditional general-purpose CPU architecture .
 the Busicom design   could be simplified  

 For example when the aircraft is oscillating , but is momentarily aligned with the overall vehicle 's motion , Tailplane still sees a relative wind that is opposing the oscillation .
 the aircraft   oscillating  

 It is written in the form of a correspondence with Dositheus of Pelusium , who was a student of Conon of Samos .
 It   is written  

 Cracks began to show however as Wright felt that the UVF response to the trouble had been inordinately low-key whilst Billy Wright (loyalist) taste for the Progressive Unionist Party ( PUP ) strategy also began to wane as the party moved increasingly towards a form of socialism , an ideology repugnant to Wright .
 strategy   also began  

 For example , Orbit can not be accurately described without allowing for the action of the Sun 's gravity as well as the Earth 's .
 Orbit   can not be accurately described  

 A love song , performed by star Ralph Graves , was recorded , as was a sequence of live vocal effects .
 A love song , performed by star Ralph Graves   was recorded  

 Irene next had to subdue a rebellion led by Elpidius , the strategos of Sicily , whose family was tortured and imprisoned when a fleet was sent , which succeeded in defeating the Sicilians .
 a fleet   was sent  

 During Scientific revolution , changing perceptions about the role of the scientist in respect to nature , the value of evidence , experimental or observed , led towards a scientific methodology in which empiricism played a large , but not absolute , role .
 the value of evidence , experimental or observed   led  

 The latter began to arrive from New England in 1823 , settling in Lahaina , which at that time was the capital .
 The latter   began  

 The cells were either located in the pentaprism housing , where Single-lens reflex camera metered light transmitted through the focusing screen ; underneath the reflex mirror glass Single-lens reflex camera , which was Topcon 's design ; or in front of the shutter mechanism , which was the design used by Canon with Single-lens reflex camera Canon Pellix .
 light   transmitted  

 Tallboy supplies the letter to the ring as soon as the text is approved .
 the text   is approved  

 ROILA is constructed on the basis of two important goals , firstly Speech recognition should be learnable by the human user and secondly , the language should be optimized for efficient recognition by a robot .
 ROILA   is constructed  

 Also unique for Chinese bronzes is the consistent use of high tin bronze ( 17 -- 21 % tin ) which is very hard and breaks if stressed too far , whereas other cultures preferred lower tin bronze ( usually 10 % ) , which bends if stressed too far .
 lower tin bronze   bends  

 As the speed of sound in water is around 1,500 metres per second , the time interval , measured in milliseconds , between the pulse being transmitted and the echo being received , allows bottom depth and targets to be measured .
 the pulse   being transmitted  

 Although Byrd supported Congressional acceptance of Twenty-seventh Amendment to the United States Constitution , he contended that Wilson had deviated from `` historic tradition '' by not waiting for Congress to consider the validity of the ratification , given the more than 202-year lapse since the Amendment had been proposed .
 the validity of the ratification   given  

 Until 1991 , the rules would have judged it differently ; however , a rule clarification specified that perfect games , even beyond nine innings , must remain perfect until the game is completed for them to be considered perfect .
 the game   is completed  

 Although the German commanders were able to maintain open lines of communication and issue operating orders , even with swift staff work the tempo of Battle of Vimy Ridge was such that German decision cycle was unable to react decisively .
 German decision cycle   to react decisively  

 High responds that while Skíðblaðnir is the finest ship and the most ingeniously created , the biggest ship is in fact Naglfar , which is owned by Muspell .
 that while Skíðblaðnir is the finest ship   most ingeniously created  

 As Elizabeth 's sons , the Princes in the Tower , were presumed murdered , the two women agreed on the betrothal of Margaret 's son , Henry , to Elizabeth of York , the eldest daughter of Edward IV .
 Elizabeth 's sons   murdered  

 The use of sexual ornamentation as a signaling device to create a dominance hierarchy among males , also known as a pecking order , allows struggle to proceed without excessive injury or fatality .
 struggle   to proceed  

 Ralph Dutton says : `` In spite of Charles I of England intelligence and cultivation , Charles was curiously inept in Charles I of England contacts with human beings .
 Ralph Dutton   says  

 As the name implies , members of the cult were supposed to have gained some secret knowledge .
 the name   implies  

 The dispute over the eastern marches does not appear to have caused lasting trouble between Alexander and Henry of England .
 The dispute over the eastern marches   does not appear  

 Another scene is of the joke being used in open warfare is shown , with Tommies running through an open field amid artillery fire shouting the joke at the Germans , who die laughing in response .
 Another scene   is shown  

 Joan of Arc said Joan of Arc cried when they left , as they were so beautiful .
 they   left  

 Also , courts when dealing with such cases will tend to look to the letter of the law at the time , even in regimes where the law as Nullum crimen, nulla poena sine praevia lege poenali was written was generally disregarded in practice by Nullum crimen, nulla poena sine praevia lege poenali own authors .
 nulla poena sine praevia lege poenali   was written  

 Hitler began dictation of Mein Kampf while imprisoned for what he considered to be `` political crimes '' following his failed Putsch in Munich in November 1923 .
 he   considered  

 When Peter Sellers was told Peter Sellers could come on as someone else , Peter Sellers appeared dressed as a member of the Gestapo .
 Peter Sellers   could come on  

 Diefenbaker 's recollections do not correspond with John Diefenbaker army medical records , which show no contemporary account of such an injury , and John Diefenbaker biographer , Denis Smith , speculates that any injury was psychosomatic .
 Diefenbaker 's recollections   do not correspond  

 In 1855 , three years after Uncle Tom's Cabin was published , Uncle Tom's Cabin was called `` the most popular novel of our day '' .
 Uncle Tom's Cabin   was published  

 For her performance she was nominated for Broadway 's 1966 Tony Award as Best Supporting or Featured Actress ( Musical ) .
 Best   Supporting  

 Jack Norworth , while riding a subway train , was inspired by a sign that said `` Baseball Today -- Polo Grounds '' .
 a sign   said  

 The contents of the resultant gas bubble are thought to be mainly carbon dioxide .
 The contents of the resultant gas bubble   are thought  

 So choose life in order that you may live , you and your descendants , '' Joshua 24:15 `` But if serving the LORD seems undesirable to you , then choose for yourselves this day whom you will serve , whether the gods your ancestors served beyond the Euphrates , or the gods of the Amorites , in whose land you are living .
 you   may live  

 90th Light Division was to make a fresh attempt to capture Point 29 and 21st Panzer were targeted at Snipe ( the Ariete detachment had returned south ) .
 the Ariete detachment   had returned south  

 Supporting a distinct G-Spot is a study by Rutgers University , published 2011 , which was the first to map the female genitals onto the sensory portion of the brain ; brain scans showed that the brain registered distinct feelings between stimulating the clitoris , the cervix and the vaginal wall -- where the G-Spot is reported to be -- when several women stimulated themselves in a functional magnetic resonance ( fMRI ) machine .
 the G-Spot   is reported  

 If a voter knows exactly how all others will vote , and if their preferences for different tie results are optimistic , pessimistic , or utility-maximising , then there are no insincere approval strategies ; that is , in order to get a better result , there is never a need to approve a less-favored candidate while disapproving a more-favored one .
 all others   will vote  

 France was also required to pay an indemnity ; the indemnity figure was calculated , on the basis of population , as the precise equivalent of the indemnity which Napoleon Otto von Bismarck imposed on Prussia in 1807 .
 the indemnity figure   was calculated  

 Linn Boyd Benton invented a pantographic engraving machine for type design , which was capable not only of scaling a single font design pattern to a variety of sizes , but could also condense , extend , and slant the design ( mathematically , these are cases of affine transformation , which is the fundamental geometric operation of most systems of digital typography today , including PostScript ) .
 Linn Boyd Benton   could also condense  

 These original epigrams did the same job as a short prose text might have done , but in verse .
 a short prose text   might have done  

 The cleavage pattern of POMC however may vary between different tissues , yielding different sets of polypeptide hormones from the same polyprotein .
 The cleavage pattern of POMC   may vary  

 Many olive trees in the groves around the Mediterranean are said to be hundreds of years old , while an age of 2,000 years is claimed for a number of individual trees ; in some cases , this has been scientifically verified .
 an age of 2,000 years   is claimed  

 Subfamily Rasborinae -- rasborines Subfamily Squaliobarbinae Subfamily Tincinae '' ` Subfamily Xenocyprinae Incertae sedis Unlike most fish species , cyprinid fish generally increase in abundance in eutrophic lakes .
 cyprinid fish   generally increase  

 The ubiquitous nature of makes Pi one of the most widely known mathematical constants , both inside and outside the scientific community : Several books devoted to Pi have been published ; the number is celebrated on Pi Day ; and record-setting calculations of the digits of often result in news headlines .
 Several books devoted to Pi   have been published  

 Knowledge of and chemical control over fluorophore photophysics is at the core of these techniques , by which resolutions of ~ 20 nanometers are regularly obtained .
 resolutions of ~ 20 nanometers   are regularly obtained  

 On the other hand , two communities ( the Basque Country and Navarre ) are `` communities of chartered regime '' , that is , they have full fiscal autonomy , whereas the rest are `` communities of common regime '' , with limited fiscal powers ( the majority of their taxes are administered centrally and redistributed among them all for fiscal equalization ) .
 the majority of their taxes   are administered centrally  

 This was further undermined by the ruling in Beckford v Hood , where the Court of King 's Bench confirmed that , even without registration , copyright could be enforced against infringers .
 copyright   could be enforced  

 The repeated detonation of nuclear devices underground in salt domes , in a somewhat analogous manner to the explosions that power a car internal combustion engine has also been proposed as a means of fusion power , in what is termed PACER .
 the explosions   power  

 On September 23 , 2001 , before the FBI had released the pictures of the hijackers , the BBC and The Daily Telegraph reported that a Saudi Airlines pilot named Saeed al-Ghamdi was furious that a name on the hijacker 's list released by the FBI matched Saeed al-Ghamdi own .
 a name on the hijacker 's list   matched  

 The difference between the two phrases , which constitute Minimal pair , is said to be one of juncture .
 The difference between the two phrases   is said  

 The criminal law amendments abolished the crime of `` counter-revolutionary '' activity ( and references to `` counter-revolutionaries '' disappeared with the passing of the 1999 Constitutional amendment ) , while criminal procedures reforms encouraged establishment of a more transparent , adversarial trial process .
 the crime of `` counter-revolutionary '' activity ( and references to `` counter-revolutionaries   disappeared  

 Fittingly , John 's close friend John Axouch , although John II Komnenos is recorded as having tried hard to persuade the dying emperor that Isaac was the better candidate to succeed , was instrumental in ensuring that Manuel 's assumption of power was free from any overt opposition .
 the better candidate   to succeed  

 The couple had left England when Arthur was promoted to head the Bloemfontein office of the British bank for which J. R. R. Tolkien worked .
 J. R. R. Tolkien   worked  

 The level of purification can be monitored using various types of gel electrophoresis if the desired protein 's molecular weight and isoelectric point are known , by spectroscopy if Protein has distinguishable spectroscopic features , or by enzyme assays if Protein has enzymatic activity .
 The level of purification   can be monitored  

 For complexes with a tetrahedral surrounding , the d-orbitals again split into two sets , but this time in reverse order .
 a tetrahedral   surrounding  

 And thus , as the biographer wrote , `` No one missed the lenient ways of Pius '' .
 the biographer   wrote  

 This is because LCD pixels open to allow a continuous stream of light to pass through until instructed by the video signal to produce a darker color ( see also ghosting ) .
 a darker color ( see   ghosting  

 Newly emerged adult fleas live only about one week if a blood meal is not obtained .
 a blood meal   is not obtained  

 Before this happened , a final non-canonical `` imaginary story , '' Whatever Happened to the Man of Tomorrow ?
 this   happened  

 The principal difference in the Bible between a wife and a concubine is that wives had dowries , while Concubinage did not .
 Concubinage   did not  

 During his idiosyncratic occupancy many famous people came to stay , such as H. G. Wells .
 many famous people   to stay  

 Weakness in the hands and forearms occurs in many people later in life as the disease progresses .
 the disease   progresses  

 When daylighting features are properly implemented Solar energy can reduce lighting-related energy requirements by 25 % .
 daylighting features   are properly implemented  

 While intake of neurotransmitter precursors does increase neurotransmitter synthesis , evidence is mixed as to whether neurotransmitter release ( firing ) is increased .
 neurotransmitter release   is increased  

 The historical record continued to reveal an interplay between `` Arab '' and `` Palestinian '' identities and nationalism .
 The historical record   continued  

 Though their holdings were quickly reduced , Andalusia continued to have interests in the region until Andalusia was lost altogether in 624 .
 their holdings   were quickly reduced  

 Wallace stated Dale Earnhardt and Earnhardt had to sit on the backs of their chairs to see and Earnhardt said `` This sucks , Dale Earnhardt could have gone hunting '' .
 This   sucks  

 So , while many forms of animal communication exist , Language acquisition differ from human languages , in that Language acquisition have a limited range of non-syntactically structured vocabulary tokens that lack cross cultural variation between groups .
 many forms of animal communication   exist  

 The dissolution of Yugoslavia has made Serbo-Croatian even Serbo-Croatian , since the variants of other pluricentric languages are also spoken in different states .
 The dissolution of Yugoslavia   has made  

 Developmental psychologist Jean Piaget favored a weaker version of the formula , according to which ontogeny parallels phylogeny because the two are subject to similar external constraints .
 ontogeny parallels   phylogeny  

 In contrast , the amount of fat eaten did not affect the level of blood fats .
 the amount of fat   eaten  

 At a Carnegie Hall tribute to mark Paul Robeson 75th birthday in 1973 , Paul Robeson was unable to attend , but a taped message from Paul Robeson was played that said : `` Though Paul Robeson have not been able to be active for several years , Paul Robeson want you to know that Paul Robeson am the same Paul , dedicated as ever to the worldwide cause of humanity for freedom , peace and brotherhood '' .
 Paul Robeson   to attend  

 The miscibility of ethanol with alkanes is limited to alkanes up to undecane , mixtures with dodecane and higher alkanes show a miscibility gap below a certain temperature ( about 13 ° C for dodecane ) .
 The miscibility of ethanol with alkanes   is limited  

 Conrad 's story `` The Secret Sharer '' ( completed 1909 ) was inspired by an 1880 incident when Sydney Smith , first mate of the Cutty Sark , had killed a seaman and fled from justice , aided by the ship 's captain .
 Conrad 's story   completed  

 A number of writings , belonging in this category , have been entirely lost .
 A number of writings , belonging in this category   have been entirely lost  

 A steady stream of European players began entering the league in the 1970s , continuing into the 1980s .
 A steady stream of European players   began  

 As a result of this event Berlusconi moved for a confidence vote in the Chamber on 14 October , Silvio Berlusconi won the vote with just 316 votes to 310 , minimum required to retain a majority .
 minimum   required  

 Abdülaziz travelled by a private rail car , which today can be found in the Rahmi M. Koç Museum in Istanbul .
 Abdülaziz   travelled  

 In fact , Wilde did repeat in public many witticisms created by Whistler .
 Wilde   did repeat  

 In Margaret Mead writings Margaret Mead proposed that it is to be expected that an individual 's sexual orientation may evolve throughout life .
 it   to be expected  

 This means the user has only to program the set-top box and Set-top box will switch to the right channel at the right time and `` wake up '' the VCR or DVR to record , so there is no need for a timer .
 the user   has  

 The Notitia Dignitatum does not explain where these `` Roman '' soldiers came from .
 these `` Roman '' soldiers   came  

 In the trilogy 's conclusion , Prometheus the Fire-Bringer , it appears that the Titan finally warns Zeus not to sleep with the sea nymph Thetis , for she is fated to give birth to a son greater than the father .
 she   is fated  

 The Hall of Fame has also been criticised for failing to induct international players and critics have claimed that the Hall has been far too focused on the National Hockey League .
 The Hall of Fame   to induct  

 According to the stories that developed about Nicolas Chauvin , Chauvin was born in Rochefort , around 1780 .
 the stories   developed  

 Polybius has been noted to be hostile to some of Polybius subject material .
 Polybius   has been noted  

 The NBFA 's president was invited to testify before congress on this matter numerous times following the settlement including before the United States Senate Committee on Agriculture on September 12 , 2000 when he testified that many farmers had not yet received payments and others were left out of the settlement .
 numerous times   were left  

 In many cases people living through a period are unable to identify themselves as belonging to the period that historians may later assign to them .
 people   living  

 The story details how Lex Luthor was sent to live with a foster family following the sabotage of his parents ' car .
 Lex Luthor   to live  

 Warmer than normal weather in the interior caused large amounts of snow to melt prematurely , resulting in higher than normal water levels , which , nevertheless , remained well below flood levels .
 large amounts of snow   to melt prematurely  

 A critical press continues to operate , although Politics of Sierra Leone has intervened for alleged inaccurate reporting , using the 1965 Public Order Act which criminalizes libel .
 A critical press   continues  

 Because Africa is divided into many countries , railways built by different governments tend not to link up with each other , each country 's lines connecting Narrow gauge railway outlands with Narrow gauge railway own port .
 each country 's lines connecting Narrow gauge railway   outlands  

 The company then set to talking up South Sea Company stock with `` the most extravagant rumours '' of the value of South Sea Company potential trade in the New World ; this was followed by a wave of `` speculating frenzy '' .
 this   was followed  

 Sagittarius (constellation) is generally depicted with wings , with two heads , one panther head and one human head , as well as a scorpion 's stinger raised above Sagittarius (constellation) more conventional horse 's tail .
 Sagittarius   is generally depicted  

 In 2009 , the Hawaii (island) Department of Public Safety announced that Kulani Correctional Facility would close .
 Kulani Correctional Facility   would close  

 Both Caesars had the right of succession once the ruling Augustus died .
 the ruling Augustus   died  

 According to yet another mafia turncoat , Antonino Giuffrè -- arrested on 16 April 2002 -- the Mafia turned to Silvio Berlusconi Forza Italia party to look after the Mafia 's interests , after the decline in the early 1990s of the ruling Christian Democrat party , whose leaders in Sicily looked after the Mafia 's interests in Rome .
 to look   the Mafia  

 Despite the immense improvements in forensics in the past few decades , the fraction of Murder solved has decreased in the United States , from 90 % in 1960 to 61 % in 2007 .
 the fraction of Murder   solved  

 It all but announced its intention to unilaterally violate Part V. Consequently , there were several calls in France that autumn for a preventive war to put an end to the Nazi regime while Germany was still more-or-less disarmed .
 Germany   more-or-less disarmed  

 Although published opinion polls suggested that he might win , private polls commissioned by the Labour Party from MORI had suggested the two main parties had much the same level of support .
 he   might win  

 At the intercession of Moses , Aaron was saved from the plague which smote the people ( Deuteronomy 9:20 , Exodus 32:35 ) , although it was against Aaron tribe of Levi that the work of punitive vengeance was committed ( Exodus 32:26 ) .
 the work of punitive vengeance   was committed  

 After the war Atle Selberg accomplishments became known , including a proof that a positive proportion of the zeros of the Riemann zeta function lie on the line .
 the war Atle Selberg accomplishments   known  

 On 30 April this was upgraded to a Total Exclusion Zone within which any sea vessel or aircraft from any country entering the zone may have been fired upon without further warning .
 any sea vessel or aircraft from any country   may have been fired  

 One theme of the opera , the death of Eurydice , has some similarity to Philip Glass personal life : the opera was composed after the unexpected death in 1991 of Philip Glass wife , artist Candy Jernigan : '' One can only suspect that Orpheus ' grief must have resembled Philip Glass '' , K. Robert Schwartz suggests .
 K. Robert Schwartz   suggests  

 Despite a period of instability known as the Battle of the Booksellers when the initial copyright terms under the Statute began to expire , the Statute of Anne remained in force until the Copyright Act 1842 repealed Statute of Anne .
 the initial copyright terms under the Statute   to expire  

 In January 2010 , however , NBC would end up announcing that Leno 's 10 pm show would be canceled , citing complaints from many affiliates , whose local newscasts significantly dropped in the ratings as a result of the change .
 Leno 's 10 pm show   would be canceled  

 `` Systems engineering '' , in this sense of the term , refers to the distinctive set of concepts , methodologies , organizational structures ( and so on ) that have been developed to meet the challenges of engineering functional physical systems of unprecedented complexity .
 the distinctive set of concepts , methodologies , organizational structures ( and so on   have been developed  

 The underlying question here is , of course , if God wants all to be saved and Jesus died for everyone , why does n't God convert the fallen will of all ?
 all   to be saved  

 Luke Cage opens the downed Skrull ship and a large group of Marvel superheroes with older appearances and costumes come out , speaking as if Savage Land believe themselves to be authentic .
 superheroes with older appearances and costumes   come out  

 Electric firing is arguably more environmentally friendly than combustion firing although the source of the electricity varies in environmental impact .
 combustion   firing  

 Although the human rights situation in mainland China has improved markedly since the 1960s ( the 2004 Constitutional amendments specifically stressed that the State protects human rights ) , the government remains determined to prevent any organized opposition to Politics of the People's Republic of China rule .
 the human rights situation in mainland China   has improved markedly  

 The mouse , and the direct control Real-time strategy allowed , was critical in making the RTS genre possible '' .
 the direct control Real-time strategy   allowed  

 Pac-Man was based on the concept of eating , and the original Japanese title was , inspired by the Japanese onomatopoeic slang phrase , where paku-paku describes ( the sound of ) the mouth movement when widely opened and then closed in succession .
 onomatopoeic slang phrase , where paku-paku describes   widely opened  

 `` The Orient sought by the mystic , the Orient that can not be located on our maps , is in the direction of the north , beyond North Pole '' .
 The Orient   sought  

 According to a new source from Late Antiquity the Lilith ( s ) appear ( s ) in a Mandaic magic story where she ( they ) is ( are ) considered to represent the branch ( es ) of a tree with other demonic figures that form other parts of the tree .
 she   is  

 Because Euler corresponded heavily with other mathematicians in Europe , the use of the Greek letter spread rapidly .
 the use of the Greek letter   spread rapidly  

 Essential elements in Limburgian culture are The Limburg Symphony Orchestra , that resides and rehearses in Maastricht , is the oldest symphony orchestra of the Netherlands .
 The Limburg Symphony Orchestra   resides  

 After early editions went to press further reports suggested a major loss of life and Mackenzie toned down the headline in later editions to read `` Did 1,200 Argies drown ?
 early editions   to press  

 Once predictions are made , Scientific method can be sought by experiments .
 predictions   are made  

 Gunmen at a paramilitary display in Portadown in 2000 told journalists : `` He Wright did what Billy Wright (loyalist) had to do to ensure that our faith and culture were kept intact '' .
 our faith and culture   were kept  

 Mali 's legal system is based on codes inherited at independence from France .
 codes   inherited  

 Anesthesia & Analgesia went on to publish 11 additional manuscripts by Dr. Fujii following the 2000 allegations of research fraud , with Editor Steven Shafer stating in March 2012 that subsequent submissions to the Journal by Dr. Fujii should not have been published without first vetting the allegations of fraud .
 subsequent submissions to the Journal by Dr. Fujii   should not have been published  

 One of the mechanisms by which T-helper cells are depleted is apoptosis , which results from a series of biochemical pathways : Cells may also die as a direct consequence of viral infection .
 T-helper cells   are depleted  

 Dobzhansky 's famous essay Nothing in Biology Makes Sense Except in the Light of Evolution draws upon the insistence of Teilhard that evolutionary theory must be placed at the center of how man understands Pierre Teilhard de Chardin relationship to nature .
 evolutionary theory   must be placed  

 Although most mentions of OXCART 's home base are redacted in this document , as is a map showing the aircraft 's route from there to Okinawa , the redactor appears to have missed one mention : p15 section No. 2 ends `` Three OXCART aircraft and the necessary task force personnel will be deployed from Area 51 to Kadena '' .
 the redactor   appears  

 When the princes grow up , Dhritarashtra is about to be crowned king by Bhishma when Vidura intervenes and uses his knowledge of politics to assert that a blind person can not be king .
 the princes   grow up  

 A more creative yet widely reported etymology divides pāramitā into pāra and mita , with pāra meaning `` beyond , '' `` the further bank , shore or boundary , '' and mita , meaning `` that which has arrived , '' or ita meaning `` that which goes '' .
 that   has arrived  

 During the raid , John Brown (abolitionist) seized the armory ; seven people were killed , and ten or more were injured .
 seven people   were killed  

 Olive , has been calculated to be about 1,600 years old .
 Olive   has been calculated  

 Big Chocolate , as Chocolate is also called , is essentially an oligopoly between major international chocolate companies in Europe and the U.S.
 Chocolate   is also called  

 There were wrangles over land-usage : although a central feature of the Daimler-Benz development is a top shopping mall - the Arkaden ( Arcades ) , this did not form part of the plans until the Berlin Senate belatedly insisted that a shopping mall be included , and the plans were altered accordingly .
 the plans   were altered accordingly  

 Cable select is controlled by pin 28 .
 Cable   select  

 He once wrote to a colleague that `` The sight of a feather in a peacock 's tail , whenever I gaze at Sexual selection , makes me sick !
 I   gaze  

 Laurence of Canterbury was a member of the Gregorian mission sent from Italy to England to Christianize the Anglo-Saxons from their native Anglo-Saxon paganism , although the date of Laurence of Canterbury arrival is disputed .
 the date of Laurence of Canterbury arrival   is disputed  

 All of the characters present in Super Mario Kart have gone on to appear in all of the later games in Super Mario Kart , except for Koopa Troopa , who has only appeared intermittently after being replaced by Wario in Super Mario Kart 64 .
 All of the characters present in Super Mario Kart   have gone on  

 Fronto had warned Marcus against the study of philosophy early on : `` it is better never to have touched the teaching of philosophy ... than to have tasted it superficially , with the edge of the lips , as the saying is '' .
 the saying   is  

 That means , that via one syllable ( i.e. one word , one sign ) several morphemes can be expressed , like subject and object of a verb determine the direction of the verb 's movement ( inflection ) .
 That   means  

 Planning agencies , ministries and enterprises all adapted and bargained with each other during the formulation of the plan as opposed to following a plan passed down from a higher authority , leading some economists to suggest that planning did not actually take place within Socialism and that a better description would be an `` administered '' or `` managed '' economy .
 Planning agencies , ministries and enterprises   adapted  

 Mona Best 's take on her son 's sacking , as told to British television in 1963 , with Best : `` From the point of clash of personalties , well , probably that may be it because Peter did have a terrific fan club , you know , compared to the others '' .
 you   know  

 Ernst has concluded that 95 % of Alternative medicine he and his team studied , including acupuncture , herbal medicine , homeopathy , and reflexology , are `` statistically indistinguishable from placebo treatments '' , but he also believes there is something that conventional doctors can usefully learn from the chiropractors and homeopath : this is the therapeutic value of the placebo effect , one of the strangest phenomena in medicine .
 he and his team   studied  

 The marshals and Liberal Party candidates , outnumbered , attempted to negotiate with the armed and barricaded Mormons .
 The marshals and Liberal Party candidates   outnumbered  

 Lastly , the decree stated that every man was allowed to marry up to ten women .
 every man   was allowed  

 Pierre Teilhard de Chardin appears as a minor character in the play `` Fake '' by Eric Simonson , staged by Chicago 's Steppenwolf Theatre Company in 2009 , involving a fictional solution to the infamous Piltdown Man hoax .
 Pierre Teilhard de Chardin   appears  

 The Julia Child Rose , known in the UK as the `` Absolutely Fabulous '' rose , is a golden butter/gold floribunda rose named after Julia Child .
 Absolutely Fabulous   rose  

 Since the stars are light years away , this observation means that , in the non-inertial reference frame of the Earth , anybody who looks at the stars is seeing objects which appear , to them , to be moving faster than the speed of light .
 objects   appear  

 As languages like French , German , and English became more widely known , use of a ` difficult ' auxiliary language seemed unnecessary -- while the argument that Latin could expand readership beyond a single nation was fatally weakened if , in fact , Latin readers did not compose a majority of the intended audience .
 languages like French , German , and English   known  

 The capability to set a bit rate does not imply that a working connection will result .
 a working connection   will result  

 This fits the chronicle of Laus Deo description , which reports that `` at Chichilticalli the country changes its character again and the spiky vegetation ceases .
 This   fits  

 A crisis `` seems to break out at a certain age when the life fear which has restricted the I 's development meets with the death fear as it increases with growth and maturity , '' writes Rank in Will Therapy ( 1929 -- 31 ) .
 A crisis   seems  

 Yet this quaint dandified little man who , I was sorry to see , now limped badly , had been in his time one of the most celebrated members of the Belgian police '' .
 I   to see  

 While this required extra logic to handle , for example , carry and overflow within each slice , the result was a system that could handle , say , 32-bit words using integrated circuits with a capacity for only 4 bits each .
 a system   could handle  

 In the absence of external magnetic field , when the time used to measure the magnetization of the nanoparticles is much longer than the Néel relaxation time , Superparamagnetism magnetization appears to be in average zero : Superparamagnetism are said to be in the superparamagnetic state .
 Superparamagnetism   are said  

 Two years later , Reagan told the United Nations , `` I occasionally think how quickly our differences worldwide would vanish if we were facing an alien threat from outside this world '' .
 our differences worldwide   would vanish  

 In fact , because of atmospheric refraction and mirages , and because the sun appears as a disk and not a point , part of the midnight sun may be seen on the night of the northern summer solstice up to about 50 ′ ( 90 km ) south of Arctic Circle ; similarly , on the day of the northern winter solstice , part of the sun may be seen up to about 50 ′ north of Arctic Circle .
 the sun   appears  

 But as class unloading occurs much more rarely than objects are collected , moving class structures to a specific area allows significant performance improvements .
 objects   are collected  

 As in C , the features of the library are accessed by using the The STL was originally a third-party library from HP and later SGI , before C++ incorporation into the C++ standard .
 the features of the library   are accessed  

 John Graves Simcoe is the only one to live past childhood .
 the only one   to live  

 With no sons or male-line descendants , the heir to the dukedom of Gravina is his unmarried brother Don Benedetto Orsini ( b. 1956 ) , followed by his cousin Prince Raimondo Orsini d'Aragona ( b. 1931 ) , who has one son by his marriage to Princess Kethevan Bagration-Mukhransky ( b. 1954 ) , Don Lelio Nicolò Orsini ( b. 1981 ) .
 his unmarried brother   followed  

 In the acquisition of Alsace and half of Flanders , and of all of Franche-Comté , what Louis XIV of France really liked was the name Louis XIV of France made for himself '' .
 Louis XIV of France   really liked  

 One example is the differing set of interpretations of UN Security Council Resolution 242 , which calls on Israel to withdraw `` from territories occupied '' in the 1967 Six Day War .
 territories   occupied  

 Maenad is the primary symbol of the city of Tetovo depicted prominently of the city 's coat of arms .
 the primary symbol of the city of Tetovo   depicted prominently  

 Once the rRNA subunits are processed , Nucleolus are ready to be assembled into larger ribosomal subunits .
 the rRNA subunits   are processed  

 Source : 1 Peak production of conventional oil already passed in this state 2 Although Canada 's conventional oil production is declining , Petroleum total oil production is increasing as oil sands production grows .
 Canada 's conventional oil production   is declining  

 Version compatibility The latest version of System Software that Multiplan 1.1 was tested with is System Software 2.0 which used System 4.1 and Finder 5.5 A fundamental difference between Multiplan and Multiplan competitors was Microsoft 's decision to use R1C1 addressing instead of the A1 addressing introduced by VisiCalc .
 Multiplan 1.1   was tested  

 The ball shot or pellets is for the most part made of lead but this has been partially replaced by bismuth , steel , tungsten-iron , tungsten-nickel-iron and even tungsten polymer loads .
 The ball   shot  

 When Nephele left in anger , drought came upon the land .
 Nephele   left  

 Some places may allow a hand such as 10-9-8-7-A to play as a straight ( by analogy to a wheel ) in the 32-card game , the A playing low and skipping over the removed ranks ( although this is not the case in Manila ) .
 the A   playing low  

 The best current estimate known is the famous Yoccoz-inequality '' , which states that the size tends to zero like .
 The best current estimate   known  

 As tensions between Washington and Saddam began to escalate , the Soviet Union , under Mikhail Gorbachev , strengthened its military relationship with the Iraqi leader , providing Saddam Hussein military advisers , arms and aid .
 tensions between Washington and Saddam   to escalate  

 Opponents , especially from Canada East , argued that the Queen would not make the decision in isolation ; she would be bound to receive informal advice from her Canadian ministers .
 she   would be bound  

 A clinical trial to determine the effectiveness of high doses of ascorbic acid ( vitamin C ) in treating humans with CMT type 1A has been conducted .
 A clinical trial to determine the effectiveness of high doses of ascorbic acid ( vitamin C ) in treating humans with CMT type 1A   has been conducted  

 During the time Cat Stevens was studying the Qur ` an , Cat Stevens began to identify more and more with the name of Joseph , a man bought and sold in the market place , which is how Cat Stevens says Cat Stevens had increasingly felt within the music business .
 a man   bought  

 When the group becomes upset at the question , Satisficing is not because this person is wrong to ask , but rather because Satisficing have come up with a solution that works .
 a solution   works  

 All the augmented fourths are considered to be proper tritones , as Tritone can be decomposed into three whole tones .
 Tritone   can be decomposed  

 In 1919 , Marina Tsvetaeva placed both Marina Tsvetaeva daughters in a state orphanage , mistakenly believing that they would be better fed there .
 they   better fed  

 Alboin remains were allegedly buried beneath the palace steps .
 Alboin   remains  

 If you did n't have a record player and you just HAD to hear those sounds , you went where there was a jukebox ... Joni Mitchell hung around two cafés that had jukeboxes .
 you   went  

 If each is able to gather one million votes on their own , but together Synergy were able to appeal to 2.5 million voters , their synergy would have produced 500,000 more votes than had Synergy each worked independently .
 each   worked independently  

 Johann Joachim Quantz often criticized Vivaldi for being too wild when Johann Joachim Quantz played .
 Johann Joachim Quantz   played  

 However , after the 5th and final novel for Tribulation Force was released , Left Behind was apparently discontinued and the novels that were released are now ( as of December 2006 ) out of print .
 the 5th and final novel for Tribulation Force   was released  

 Debate concerning predestination according to the common usage , concerns the destiny of the damned , whether God is just if that destiny is settled prior to the existence of any actual violition of the individual , and whether the individual is in any meaningful sense responsible for his destiny if Predestination is settled by the eternal action of God .
 Predestination   is settled  

 Daniel Boone is a wagon driver in General Edward Braddock 's drive to push the French out of the Ohio Country , which ended with defeat of the Braddock expedition at what is known as the Battle of the Monongahela .
 the Ohio Country   ended  

 In addition to the main games , a twenty-minute machinima video was produced , taking the form of a Sam & Max Christmas special .
 a twenty-minute machinima video   was produced  

 Apple had planned to retire the Apple II series after the introduction of the Apple III in 1980 ; after that machine turned out to be a disastrous failure , management decided the further continuation of the Apple II was in the company 's best interest .
 that machine   turned out  

 Direct Connect (file sharing) is a command - this may vary .
 this   may vary  

 When he died she sprinkled the blood with nectar , from which sprang the short-lived anemone , which takes Adonis name from the wind which so easily makes Adonis petals fall .
 he   died  

 With Fouquet dismissed , Colbert reduced the national debt through more efficient taxation .
 Fouquet   dismissed  

 As global consumption of a natural resources grows , Recycling depletion is inevitable .
 global consumption of a natural resources   grows  

 Public interest in , and debate over , Hill 's testimony is said to have launched modern-day public awareness and open discussion of the issue of workplace sexual harassment in the United States with the ultimate result that the behavior is less tolerated today .
 Hill 's testimony   is said  

 King Edward is shown breaking a statue of Brown that John Brown (servant) found in Victoria 's chambers `` by accident '' .
 King Edward   is shown  

 The work , for percussion , voices , and strings , is a musical documentary , named for the Cave of Machpelah in Hebron , where a mosque now stands and Abraham is said to have been buried .
 Abraham   is said  

 The Walashma Chronicle , however , records the date as 1415 , which would make the Ethiopian victor Emperor Yeshaq I .
 1415   would make  

 Walter Burkert observes that `` Frenzied women from whose lips the god speaks '' are recorded in the Near East as in Mari in the second millennium BC and in Assyria in the first millennium BC .
 the god   speaks  

 Saddam Hussein also expressed a wish to have a live televised debate with George W. Bush , which was declined .
 George W. Bush   was declined  

 The Christian feast of Maundy Thursday finds Passover roots in the Jewish feast of Passover , the night on which the Last Supper is generally thought to have occurred .
 the Last Supper   is generally thought  

 Because of this , the Indian army was completely unprepared when the attack at Yumtso La occurred .
 the attack at Yumtso La   occurred  

 Charles I of England last words were , `` Charles I of England shall go from a corruptible to an incorruptible Crown , where no disturbance can be '' .
 last words   were  

 However , Joni Mitchell struggled with the sense that Joni Mitchell was a poorer artist than Joni Mitchell grades indicated .
 Joni Mitchell grades   indicated  

 See Group contribution method , Lydersen method , Joback method , Benson group increment theory , QSPR , QSAR Historical journals that covered both chemistry and physics include Annales de chimie et de physique ( started in 1789 , published under the name given here from 1815 -- 1914 ) .
 Annales de chimie et de physique   published  

 Uncle Tom's Cabin begins to hate Tom when Tom refuses Uncle Tom's Cabin order to whip his fellow slave .
 Uncle Tom's Cabin   begins  

 Although this appears a challenging problem given current resources , many tools will be available to help future researchers : Moore 's Law predicts further increases in computer power , semiconductor fabrication techniques continue to approach the nanoscale , and researchers grow ever more skilled at using proteins , ribosomes and DNA to perform novel chemistry .
 a challenging problem   given  

 Initially , Henry refused to see Beatrice , but eventually he had Matilda of Tuscany imprisoned in rough conditions ; the young Frederick was treated more appropriately , but he died in Henry 's custody nonetheless ( the rumours that he was murdered are baseless ) .
 the young Frederick   was treated more appropriately  

 After the death of Timofey Aleksandrovich in 1930 , Aleksandra Frolovna remarried Efrem Kosach , a widower who had three children of Mikhail Kalashnikov own .
 three children of Mikhail Kalashnikov   own  

 The Slavic peoples who were , for the most part , denied a voice in the affairs of the Austro-Hungarian Empire , were calling for national self-determination .
 The Slavic peoples   were  

 Indeed , this is the image invoked by the verb in Isaiah 31:5 : `` As birds hovering , so will the Lord of hosts protect Jerusalem ; He will deliver Passover as He protecteth Passover , He will rescue Passover as He passeth over '' ( כְּצִפֳּרִים עָפוֹת -- כֵּן יָגֵן יְהוָה צְבָאוֹת , עַל - יְרוּשָׁלִָם ; גָּנוֹן וְהִצִּיל , פָּסֹחַ וְהִמְלִיט .
 He   passeth over  

 Only candidates ' lists , which have won at least 5 % of the votes cast , may be represented in Assembly .
 the votes   cast  

 This differs from the above Macau-Hong Kong route since travelers who arrive in Hong Kong by air do not have to go through Hong Kong immigration 's passport control and can board a direct ferry to Macau through a special transfer terminal within the airport .
 This   differs  

 While hydrogen fusion can occur in a stable manner on the surface of the white dwarf for a narrow range of accretion rates , for most binary system parameters the hydrogen burning is thermally unstable and rapidly converts a large amount of the hydrogen into other heavier elements in a runaway reaction , liberating an enormous amount of energy , blowing the remaining gases away from the white dwarf 's surface and producing an extremely bright outburst of light .
 the hydrogen   burning  

 Languages that support namespaces specify the rules that determine to which namespace an identifier ( not Namespace definition ) belongs .
 the rules   determine  

 Another innovation of Richard 's , increased charges levied on widows who wished to remain single , was expanded under John, King of England .
 Richard 's , increased charges   levied  

 A white dwarf can potentially generate multiple novae over time as additional hydrogen continues to accrete onto Nova surface from Nova companion star .
 additional hydrogen   to accrete  

 She and Abelard were buried together there from 1142 ( when Abelard was buried , then Heloise when she died in 1164 ) to 1792 , when their remains were transferred to the church of Nogent-sur-Seine nearby .
 Abelard   was buried  

 For large volumes of parts ( thousands of pieces or more ) , mask-programmed ROMs are the lowest cost devices to produce .
 the lowest cost devices   to produce  

 Tsvetaeva does not seem to have known that Marina Tsvetaeva husband was a spy , nor the extent to which he was compromised .
 Tsvetaeva   does not seem  

 A familiar example is the binding energy of atomic nuclei , which appears as other types of energy ( such as gamma rays ) when the nuclei are formed , and ( after being given off ) results in nuclides which have less mass than the free particles ( nucleons ) of which Mass are composed .
 the binding energy of atomic nuclei   appears  

 When the shutter is released , Single-lens reflex camera moves out of the light path , and the light shines directly onto the film ( or in the case of a DSLR , the CCD or CMOS imaging sensor ) .
 the shutter   is released  

 Then a subset is called a σ-algebra '' ' if Sigma-algebra satisfies the following three properties : From these axioms , it follows that the σ-algebra is also closed under countable intersections ( by applying De Morgan 's laws ) .
 it   follows  

 `` Some people think , '' Joseph Goebbels told a Berlin rally in June 1935 , `` that we have n't noticed how the Jews are trying once again to spread themselves over all our streets .
 Some people   think  

 After legal action from all parties , the AFL finally agreed to accept the SANFL 's bid and the Adelaide Football Club was born .
 the AFL   was born  

 Old Prussian language began to be written down in the Latin alphabet in about the 13th century .
 Old Prussian language   began  

 The lawyer for John Ruskin , Attorney General Sir John Holker , cross-examined Whistler : Whistler had counted on many artists to take his side as witnesses , but they refused , fearing damage to their reputations .
 they   refused  

 Stated by ` your science dictionary , `` The waste in the landfills emits dangerous gases when Recycling begins to rot .
 Recycling   to rot  

 Parmenides dates are uncertain ; according to Diogenes Laërtius , Parmenides flourished just before 500 BCE , which would put Parmenides year of birth near 540 BCE , but Plato has Parmenides visiting Athens at the age of 65 , when Socrates was a young man , c. 450 BCE , which , if true , suggests a year of birth of c. 515 BCE .
 Parmenides   flourished  

 If the defendant waives a Jury trial , Jury trial is held .
 Jury trial   is held  

 Marc Bloch argued that the anti-feudal sentiment of French peasants expressed in the 1789 cahier de doléances ( list of grievances ) was linked to the `` seigneurial reaction '' of the late 18th century in which lords significantly increased feudal dues .
 the anti-feudal sentiment of French peasants   was linked  

 The island is known in Scottish Gaelic as Eilean a ' Phrionnsa ( lit .
 a ' Phrionnsa   lit  

 If other CYP3A substrates -- drugs that are broken down by CYP3A - such as simvastatin ( Zocor ) , lovastatin ( Mevacor ) , or atorvastatin ( Lipitor ) -- are taken concomitantly with erythromycin , levels of the substrates will increase , often causing adverse effects .
 other CYP3A substrates   are taken concomitantly  

 For example , in the United Methodist Church , bishops are elected for life , can serve up to two terms in a specific conference ( three if special permission is given ) , are responsible for ordaining and appointing clergy to pastor churches , perform many administrative duties , preside at the annual sessions of the regional Conferences and at the quadrennial meeting of the worldwide General Conference , have authority for teaching and leading Episcopal polity on matters of social and doctrinal import , and serve to represent the denomination in ecumenical gatherings .
 special permission   is given  

 According to Desiderius Erasmus letters , Desiderius Erasmus was associated with the Venetian natural philosopher , Giulio Camillo , but , apart from this , Desiderius Erasmus had a less active association with Italian scholars than might have been expected .
 a less active association with Italian scholars   might have been expected  

 The regional holiday Castile and León Day commemorates the events of April 23 , 1521 , when the Revolt of the Comuneros was defeated .
 the Revolt of the Comuneros   was defeated  

 To be known as the Residenzkirche , Potsdamer Platz was again , never built due to lack of funds , and in any case the national fervour of the period favoured the long-awaited completion of Cologne Cathedral over a new building , but Schinkel went on to become one of the most prolific and celebrated architects of his time .
 Schinkel   went on  

 The term `` electronic music '' ( which first came into use during the 1930s ) came to include the tape recorder as an essential element : `` electronically produced sounds recorded on tape and arranged by the composer to form a musical composition '' ) Electronic musical instrument was also indispensable to Musique concrète .
 electronically produced sounds   recorded  

 Isolation (poker) plays are also common in tournaments to isolate a player who is `` short stacked '' , that is , one who is in imminent danger of elimination , and so is likely to be playing aggressively out of desperation .
 short   stacked  

 Several LTTE fighters committed suicide when Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam became surrounded .
 Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam   surrounded  

 As Barbara was recovering , Johannes Kepler three children all fell sick with smallpox ; Friedrich , 6 , died .
 Friedrich   died  

 When Charles IV died without male heir , the senior lineage of the House of Capet died out , Charles IV of France was succeeded by Charles IV of France cousin Philip of Valois , but Charles IV of France contested legitimacy was one of the factors which led to the Hundred Years ' War .
 Charles IV of France   contested  

 Whereas Covington had no secondary cache at all , Mendocino included 128 KB of L2 cache running at full clock rate .
 L2 cache   running  

 Jim Jarmusch is the only person Ray brought to work -- as his personal assistant -- on Lightning Over Water , a documentary about his dying years on which he was collaborating with Wim Wenders .
 Ray   to work  

 A single atom was detected seeming to confirm the noble-gas-like properties of Ununquadium .
 A single atom   seeming  

 This historical founding was traditionally dated to 654 BC , which is unverified , although evidence in 7th century BC Greek pottery tends to support it .
 654 BC   is unverified  

 3a was treated as 3 Atlas Autocode syntax was influenced by the output device which the author had available , a Friden Flexowriter .
 3a   was treated  

 Van Goyen was an extremely prolific artist ; approximately twelve hundred paintings and more than one thousand drawings by Jan van Goyen are known .
 an extremely prolific artist   are known  

 As the political scientist Jorri Duursma notes , `` San Marino does not have an official Constitution as such .
 the political scientist   notes  

 Boraginaceae belong , according to the APG II , among the euasterid I group including the orders Gentianales , Lamiales , and Solanales , but whether Boraginaceae should be assigned to one of these orders or to their own ( Boraginales ) is still uncertain .
 Boraginaceae   belong  

 The velocity dispersion of material around Andromeda Galaxy is measured to be ≈ 160 km/s .
 The velocity dispersion of material around Andromeda Galaxy   to be ≈  

 Justice also suggests that punishment might turn out never to be right , depending on the facts about what actual consequences Justice has .
 punishment   might turn out  

 Incidents such as this may account for Sullivan's Travels , which cost more than $ 689,000 to produce , going more than $ 86,000 over budget .
 Sullivan's Travels   to produce  

 Since females were not allowed to hold power in Luxembourg , due to Salic law , Luxembourg passed to the House of Nassau-Weilburg , a collateral line to the House of Orange .
 females   were not allowed  

 However , the constriction of online advertising spending around 2001 following the dot-com collapse caused many sites to be closed .
 many sites   to be closed  

 Other recent ventures include Race to Learn , curriculum software that uses Formula One to encourage group working in primary school children , published through Cambridge -- Hitachi , a joint venture between Cambridge University Press and Hitachi Software Engineering that produces software for teaching on interactive whiteboards in schools .
 group working in primary school children   published  

 Platonic realism is a theory of what general terms refer to .
 general terms   refer  

 Demos also exist which use this feature to place all 256 colors on the screen at the same time .
 Demos   exist  

 In areas without many environmental regulations and/or worker protections , jobs involved in recycling such as ship breaking can result in deplorable conditions for both workers and the surrounding communities Economist Steven Landsburg , author of a paper entitled `` Why I Am Not an Environmentalist , '' has claimed that paper recycling actually reduces tree populations .
 a paper   entitled  

 For example , the CIA is alleged to have sabotaged a Siberian pipeline during the Cold War , using information from the Farewell Dossier .
 the CIA   is alleged  

 Another date commonly cited is 426 AD , when his successor , Theodosius II , ordered the destruction of all Greek temples .
 Another date   commonly cited  

 Different ports have been met with mixed receptions ; the Atari 2600 version was very successful while the Nintendo Entertainment System version was poorly received .
 the Nintendo Entertainment System version   was poorly received  

 Several long-standing border disputes were resolved , including significantly reshaping the border with Yemen .
 Several long-standing border disputes   were resolved  

 After the Black Jacks broke up , McCartney convinced Best to go to Hamburg with the group , by saying they would earn # 15 per week each .
 the Black Jacks   broke up  

 More finely nuanced hierarchies often exist within classes whose members can not be said to be distinguished by relative sonority .
 classes   can not be said  

 Judging by paleoanthropo-logical data , this combination type , a variant of the southern branch of Europeoids , must have originated in the Eastern Europe of the Neolithic time , though Slavic peoples origins might be traced earlier than that , when Slavic peoples tribes settled in these parts .
 Slavic peoples tribes   settled  

 The ultimate cost of land acquisition in the area , which was not completed until March 1945 , was only about $ 2.6 million , which worked out to around $ 47 an acre .
 only about $ 2.6 million   worked out  

 Annual production estimates range between $ 70 -- $ 250 million ; however , only a fraction of that passes through formal export channels ( 1999 : $ 1.2 million ; 2000 : $ 16 million ; 2001 : projections $ 25 million ) .
 Annual production estimates   range  

 For Marxists , the development of capitalism in western Europe provided a material basis for the possibility of bringing about socialism because , according to the Communist Manifesto , `` What the bourgeoisie produces above all is Socialism own grave diggers '' , namely the working class , which must become conscious of the historical objectives set Socialism by society .
 the bourgeoisie   produces  

 A grant of diplomatic status , a privilege of which is diplomatic immunity , has to come from the government of the country in relation to which diplomatic status is claimed .
 diplomatic status   is claimed  

 This was the impetus for the SNL horror-spoof sketch `` The Thing That Would n't Leave '' , in which John Belushi torments a couple ( played by Jane Curtin and Bill Murray ) in their home looking for snacks , newspapers and magazines to read , and taking control of their television .
 The Thing   Would n't Leave  

 Because of the Passover sacrifice 's status as a sacred offering , the only people allowed to eat Passover were those who had the obligation to bring the offering .
 the only people   allowed  

 The pain elicited is due to inflammation of the peritoneum overlying the iliopsoas muscles and inflammation of the psoas muscles themselves .
 The pain   elicited  

 Griffith seems to have been the first to understand how certain film techniques could be used to create an expressive language ; it gained popular recognition with the release of D. W. Griffith The Birth of a Nation ( 1915 ) .
 Griffith   seems  

 An attempt to secure cables to the main mast appears only to have resulted in Mary Rose being snapped off .
 An attempt to secure cables to the main mast   appears  

 The term voice recognition refers to finding the identity of `` who '' is speaking , rather than what Speech recognition are saying .
 Speech recognition   are saying  

 In effect , the stored charge on the floating gate allows the threshold voltage of the transistor to be programmed .
 the transistor   to be programmed  

 However , the earliest known use of the term found by an Oxford English Dictionary word hunt which occurred as late as 1988 .
 an Oxford English Dictionary word hunt   occurred  

 With their arrival at the closing of 1926 , the Italians began to move into the interior where History of Somalia had not been able to venture since their first seizure of the coastal towns .
 History of Somalia   to venture  

 The assumption is that official models were sent out to provincial workshops all over the empire to be copied , with local variations permitted .
 the empire   to be copied  

 Common chimpanzee lives in a male-dominated , strict hierarchy , which means disputes can generally be settled without the need for violence .
 disputes   can generally be settled  

 Indeed the rate of car ownership in Transport in the People's Republic of China is only expected to meet the 1960s level of car ownership of some developed countries in 2015 .
 the rate of car ownership in Transport in the People's Republic of China   is only expected  

 According to Eleftherotypia daily , the archaeologists claimed the metopes had been placed there in the 18th century , when the Acropolis wall was being repaired .
 the Acropolis wall   was being repaired  

 The next constructed language J. R. R. Tolkien came to work with , Naffarin , would be J. R. R. Tolkien own creation .
 The next constructed language   came  

 The result was a sequence of folk rock records which have endured as well as any in the genre .
 folk rock records   have endured as well  

 The first of Stephen King stories to be independently published was `` Stephen King Was a Teenage Grave Robber '' , serialized over three published and one unpublished issue of a fanzine , Comics Review , in 1965 .
 three   published  

 Furthermore , the scramble for liquidity appeared internationally as `` bubbles '' were also ending in Amsterdam and Paris .
 the scramble for liquidity   appeared internationally  

 Adûnaic derived from the closely related Bëorian and Hadorian dialects of Taliska , the language spoken by the first and third houses of the Edain when they first entered Beleriand during the First Age ( the language ( s ) of the second house , the Haladin , seems to have had little or no influence on Adûnaic whatsoever , despite the apparent presence of both the Haladin and the Drúedain in Númenor prior to its downfall ) .
 the Haladin   seems  

 About 450,000 species of Beetle occur -- representing about 40 % of all known insects .
 About 450,000 species of Beetle   occur  

 Juventus Football Club S.p.A. ( from Latin iuventus : youth , pronounced ) , commonly referred to as Juventus F.C. and colloquially as Juve ( pronounced ) , are a professional Italian association football club based in Turin , Piedmont .
 Juve   pronounced  

 `` For a stone projected is by the pressure of Mass own weight forced out of the rectilinear path , which by the projection alone Mass should have pursued , and made to describe a curve line in the air ; and through that crooked way is at last brought down to the ground .
 a stone   projected  

 The Nostell example , in the billiards room of this fine stately home , has a Victorian outer case , which has been thoughtfully provided with small glass windows on each side of the movement so that the wooden workings may be inspected .
 the wooden workings   may be inspected  

 As Lee became more well known and Spike Lee work and comments were followed more closely , Spike Lee became embroiled in some controversies .
 Spike Lee work and comments   were followed more closely  

 The notaries public in Rome continued to use the papal chancery hand until the beginning of the 13th century .
 The notaries public in Rome   continued  

 One theory has the name coming from Italian-American slang for a dock worker , among whom the sandwich was popular Others say Submarine sandwich first called a grinder because Submarine sandwich took a lot of chewing to eat the hard crust of the bread used .
 the hard crust of the bread   used  

 None found in Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area are endemic , nor are any endangered .
 any   endangered  

 In this connection it may be noted that the clocks and rods often used to describe observers ' measurement equipment in thought , in practice are replaced by a much more complicated and indirect metrology that is connected to the nature of the vacuum , and uses atomic clocks that operate according to the standard model and that must be corrected for gravitational time dilation .
 a much more complicated and indirect metrology   is connected  

 There was a period of great anxiety when Lincoln Cathedral emerged that the stonework needed to shift only 5mm for the entire window to collapse .
 the entire window   to collapse  

 In addition to honoring those who contributed to basketball , the Hall of Fame sought to make contributions of Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame own .
 contributions of Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame   own  

 In professional tournaments the rules typically require drawn games to be replayed with colors ( sides ) reversed , possibly with reduced time limits .
 games   to be replayed  

 Analysis of the crew skeletons shows many had suffered malnutrition , evidence of rickets , scurvy , and other deficiency diseases was found .
 evidence of rickets , scurvy , and other deficiency diseases   was found  

 The painting depicts an open-air scene , crowded with people , at a popular dance garden on the Butte Montmartre , close to where Pierre-Auguste Renoir lived .
 Pierre-Auguste Renoir   lived  

 On the last two manned missions , an additional Apollo / Saturn IB stood by ready to rescue the crew in orbit if it was needed .
 it   was needed  

 Although sections of the main Führerbunker were found , partially destroyed or filled in , another bunker complex was found further north that even the East German authorities had apparently missed , plus other cavities beneath land bordering the east side of Ebertstraße , although these turned out to be underground garages belonging to a former SS accommodation block .
 sections of the main Führerbunker   destroyed  

 Hence , the specific nature of Recycling , the methods used to analyse Recycling , and the products involved affect the energy savings budgets .
 the methods   used  

 Kerouac claimed Jack Kerouac descended from a Breton nobleman , granted land after the Battle of Quebec , whose sons all married Native Americans .
 Jack Kerouac   descended  

 The coins were produced using an anvil die technique and stamped with the Lion 's head , the symbol of the Mermnadae .
 The coins   were produced  

 While most of the complaints were focused on Jar Jar Binks , complaints were also made concerning Nute Gunray and the Neimoidians negatively portraying Asian culture by associating what is perceived as `` Engrish '' accents with the Neimoidian race , known for Nute Gunray greed , cowardice , and connection with the evil Trade Federation .
 complaints   were also made  

 A few days later Duvalier had a public speech during which François Duvalier read the `` attendance sheet '' with names of all 19 officers killed .
 all 19 officers   killed  

 Since , in sheepshoof , unlike sheepshead , all the trump are of equal intrinsic value , the second trump on a trick takes the trick independent on what the suit of that trump is ( at most two trumps may be played on any given trick ) .
 the suit of that trump   is  

 Chief among these is that as more material must be supported ( as height increases ) , the distance between supporting members must decrease , which actually in turn , increases the amount of material that must be supported .
 the distance between supporting members   must decrease  

 The Harvard classification had been developed by assigning a different letter to each star based on the strength of the hydrogen spectra line , before the relationship between spectra and temperature was known .
 The Harvard classification   had been developed  

 Other adverse effects from antacids include : Side effects from antacids vary depending on the individual , and on other medications Antacid may be taking at the time .
 Side effects from antacids   vary  

 Oracle were thought to be portals through which the gods spoke directly to people .
 Oracle   were thought  

 Such a pseudo-breed is used for registry classification purposes , since while not commonly bred as show cats , some mixed-breed cats are actually pedigreed and entered into cat shows ) .
 some mixed-breed cats   are actually pedigreed  

 However , Mitochondrion has to be noted that aging non-mutant mice do not seem to accumulate a great number of mutations in mitochondrial DNA imposing a cloud of doubt on the involvement of mitochondrial DNA mutations in `` natural '' aging .
 Mitochondrion   to be noted  

 While both sports ' lack of major appeal in a significant portion of the world was a factor , Major League Baseball 's unwillingness to have a break during the Games so that History of baseball outside the United States players could participate ( like the National Hockey League does during the Winter Olympic Games ) also played a role in the decision .
 History of baseball outside the United States players   could participate  

 Charles VI appears to have passed on Charles VI of France mental illness to Charles VI of France grandson Henry VI of England , whose inability to govern led England to a civil strife of its own known as the Wars of the Roses .
 Charles VI   appears  

 If that is done the common unilateral transform simply becomes a special case of the bilateral transform where the definition of the function being transformed is multiplied by the Heaviside step function .
 the function   being transformed  

 Monasticism principal expression was prishut , the practice of a married Talmud student going into self-imposed exile from his home and family to study in the kollel of a different city or town .
 Monasticism principal expression   was prishut  

 Although most of the legions were lost , about 10,000 Romans cut their way through to safety , maintaining unit cohesion .
 most of the legions   were lost  

 In addition , several interactive Playskool Talk 'n Plays based on The Muppets were produced , including The Muppets : Opening Day at Peppermint Park .
 several interactive Playskool Talk   were produced  

 Systems designed with such methodology represent the state of the art of Computer security although products using such security are not widely known .
 Systems   designed  

 The length of a string can also be stored explicitly , for example by prefixing the string with the length as a byte value ( a convention used in many Pascal dialects ) : as a consequence , some people call String (computer science) a P-string .
 The length of a string   can also be stored explicitly  

 Although producing accurate models remains a challenge when only distantly related template structures are available , Protein has been suggested that sequence alignment is the bottleneck in this process , as quite accurate models can be produced if a `` perfect '' sequence alignment is known .
 quite accurate models   can be produced  

 The speed of light waves in air is approximately 3.0 × 108 m/s ( exactly 299,792,458 m/s in vacuum ) .
 The speed of light waves in air   is  

 If atmospheric pressure is neglected , liquid pressure against the bottom is twice as great at twice the depth ; at three times the depth , Pressure ; etc.
 atmospheric pressure   is neglected  

 The Puritan minister began to embrace the sentiment that smallpox was an inevitability for anyone , both the good and the wicked , yet God had provided them with the means to save themselves .
 The Puritan minister   began  

 OS/2 has very few native computer viruses ; while OS/2 is not invulnerable by design , OS/2 reduced market share appears to have discouraged virus writers .
 OS/2 reduced market share   appears  

 Anoa are similar in appearance to a deer , weighing 150 - 300 .
 a deer   weighing  

 Thus , because Fountain was exhibited , Modernism was a sculpture .
 Fountain   was exhibited  

 It continues to be questioned whether the body mutilated at Tyburn was in fact that of Oliver Cromwell .
 It   continues  

 In prokaryotes the mRNA may either be used as soon as Protein is produced , or be bound by a ribosome after having moved away from the nucleoid .
 Protein   is produced  

 Charge referencing is needed to obtain meaningful BEs from both wide-scan , high sensitivity ( low energy resolution ) survey spectra ( 0-1100 eV ) , and also narrow-scan , chemical state ( high energy resolution ) spectra .
 Charge   referencing  

 Albert Sidney Johnston resigned Albert Sidney Johnston commission in 1834 to return to Kentucky to care for Albert Sidney Johnston dying wife , who succumbed two years later to tuberculosis .
 Albert Sidney Johnston   dying  

 British journalist Peter Taylor , however , stated in Billy Wright (loyalist) book Loyalists that Billy Wright (loyalist) had been told by reliable UVF sources that Wright was not involved .
 Wright   was not involved  

 Cornelius Castoriadis ( 1975 ) criticized structuralism as failing to explain symbolic mediation in the social world ; he viewed structuralism as a variation on the `` logicist '' theme , and he argued that , contrary to what Structuralism advocate , language -- and symbolic systems in general -- can not be reduced to logical organizations on the basis of the binary logic of oppositions .
 he   argued  

 The following chart shows the points awarded based on the point value of cards taken during the hand .
 the points   awarded  

 If multiple vendors agree to implement the same functionality using the same API , a shared extension may be released , using the identifier EXT.
 a shared extension   may be released  

 `` The conception of a goddess enthroned like a queen and equipped with a spindle seems to have originated in Asiatic worship of the Great Mother '' , O. Brendel notes , but a lucky survival of an inscribed inventory of her temple on Delos , where she was the central figures of the Delian trinity , records her cult image as sitting on a wooden throne , clothed in a linen chiton and a linen himation .
 a goddess   enthroned  

 The ground beetle 's ( of Carabidae ) defensive glands , located at the posterior , produce a variety of hydrocarbons , aldehydes , phenols , quinones , esters , and acids released from an opening at the end of the abdomen .
 The ground   beetle  

 A Time review of The Hour of Decision noted Oswald Spengler international popularity as a polemicist , observing that `` When Oswald Spengler speaks , many a Western Worldling stops to listen '' .
 many a Western Worldling   to listen  

 When asked during his trial , Skilling declared that industrial dominance and abuse was a global problem : `` Oh yes , yes sure , Enron is '' .
 Enron   is  

 The 19th century printer and typefounder Fournier Le Jeune suggested that Johannes Gutenberg might not have been using type cast with a reusable matrix , but possibly wooden types that were carved individually .
 possibly wooden types   were carved individually  

 The evidence given in the ICC K-factor article relates to the auto-pairing system , where the maximum ratings achieved are seen to be only about 2500 .
 the maximum ratings achieved   are seen  

 John Beaufort, 1st Earl of Somerset remained in the King 's favour even after John Beaufort, 1st Earl of Somerset half-brother Henry Bolingbroke ( later Henry IV ) was banished .
 1st Earl of Somerset half-brother Henry Bolingbroke   banished  

 Medea distracted her father , who chased them as they fled , by killing her brother Apsyrtus and throwing pieces of his body into the sea ; Aeetes stopped to gather them .
 they   fled  

 Complete recycling is impracticable as highly dispersed wastes become so diluted that the energy needed for Recycling recovery becomes increasingly excessive .
 highly dispersed wastes   diluted  

 ( 2001 est. ) total : 866 km ( 538 mi ) paved : 350 km ( 217 mi ) unpaved : 516 km ( 321 mi ) 3 ( 2005 ) 21 ( Apia Faleolo International Airport , IATA airport code APW ) 1 ( 2005 ) 1 Samoa was a German colony until occupied by New Zealand at the beginning of the First World War , until September 2009 it maintained the German practice of driving on the right-hand side of the road .
 866 km   paved  

 Singer 's positions have been criticised by groups , such as advocates for disabled people and right-to-life supporters , concerned with what they see as Peter Singer attacks upon human dignity .
 Singer 's positions   have been criticised  

 Not all organisms with the same genotype look or act the same way because appearance and behavior are modified by environmental and developmental conditions .
 Not all organisms with the same genotype   look  

 The purpose of this is to create a world economy run on hemp and to have their offspring control Poison Ivy (comics) .
 a world economy   run  

 An 8-bit stack pointer was used instead of a 16-bit one .
 An 8-bit stack pointer   was used instead  

 In 1983 , the idea turned concept was approved under the `` Offline 55 '' program , an internal Mazda initiative that sought to change the way new models were developed .
 new models   were developed  

 In 1996 , the film adaptation by David Cronenberg was met by a tabloid uproar in the UK , with the Daily Mail campaigning actively for it to be banned .
 it   to be banned  

 RAM pressing : is used to shape ware by pressing a bat of prepared clay body into a required shape between two porous moulding plates .
 RAM   pressing  

 When Richard , Étienne , and Françoise arrive , The Beach (novel) is already 1995 , six years after the founders discovered the beach .
 Richard , Étienne , and Françoise   arrive  

 The Alachua area appears to have been the first area occupied in 1740 by the immigrant Oconee , who became part of the Seminole .
 The Alachua area   appears  

 The two qualities are connected for example in ayat 43.2 -- 3 , `` By the clear Book : We have made it an Arabic recitation in order that you may understand '' .
 The two qualities   are connected  

 Although Pedro 's brother Ramón Martínez , then a star pitcher for the Dodgers , declared that Pedro Martínez brother was an even better pitcher than Pedro Martínez , the younger Martínez was thought by manager Tommy Lasorda too small to be an effective starting pitcher at the Major League level ; Lasorda used Pedro Martínez almost exclusively as a relief pitcher .
 Pedro 's brother   declared  

 Herod built his palace on a promontory jutting out into the sea , with a decorative pool surrounded by stoas .
 a decorative pool   surrounded  

 Perjury by witnesses began to be punished before the end of fifteenth century by the Star Chamber .
 Perjury by witnesses   began  

 Common jewellery pieces such as earrings are a form of body modification , as they are accommodated by creating a small hole in the ear .
 they   are accommodated  

 A check-raise in poker is a common deceptive play in which a player checks early in a betting round , hoping someone else will open .
 someone else   will open  

 Aeschylus was said to have been born in c. 525 BC in Eleusis , a small town about 27 kilometers northwest of Athens , which is nestled in the fertile valleys of western Attica , though the date is most likely based on counting back forty years from Aeschylus first victory in the Great Dionysia .
 Aeschylus   was said  

 Some British tanks were protected by 75 mm ( 3 in ) manganese steel plating , but this proved to be ineffective .
 this   proved  

 If a photosensitive material is selectively exposed to radiation ( e.g. by masking some of the radiation ) the pattern of the radiation on the material is transferred to the material exposed , as the properties of the exposed and unexposed regions differs .
 the properties of the exposed and unexposed regions   differs  

 The Sami Parliament of Sweden , situated in Giron , is elected by a general vote where all registered Sami citizens of Sweden may attend .
 all registered Sami citizens of Sweden   may attend  

 Ivan Emelyanov stood ready , clutching a briefcase containing a bomb that would be used if the other two bombers failed .
 the other two bombers   failed  

 In areas that are not irrigated , actual evapotranspiration is usually no greater than precipitation , with some buffer in time depending on the soil 's ability to hold water .
 areas   are not irrigated  

 Of the principal actors in the trial , whose lives are recorded after , only Cotton Mather and Cotton Mather ally William Stoughton never admitted any guilt .
 the trial   are recorded  

 Barber played and studied the music of Johann Sebastian Bach and was an adherent of Johannes Brahms , from whom Samuel Barber learned how to compress profound emotions into small modules of highly charged musical expression ( Cello Sonata , 1932 ) .
 Barber   played  

 Peak demand , particularly for grain shipment , occurs in different parts of North America at different times , so the freight cars are moved to wherever they are needed .
 they   are needed  

 Set is the prototype of a concrete category ; other categories are concrete if Category of sets `` resemble '' Set in some well-defined way .
 Category of sets   Set  

 The first bridge built was ordered by Elizabeth I in 1573 .
 The first bridge   built  

 The person who completes the route the quickest sets the `` standard time '' and all other competitors must finish within a certain amount of time of the standard time to be counted as a finisher ( Motorcycle sport received penalty points for every minute after the quickest finisher ) .
 the standard time   to be counted  

 According to Reuters in 2010 , the largest demographic of NHL fans was highly sought after group males aged 18 -- 34 , who were also shown to be more `` tech savvy '' than most fans .
 group males   aged  

 Joan of Kent third husband , the Black Prince , had built a chantry for Joan of Kent in the crypt of Canterbury Cathedral ( where he was to have been buried ) , with ceiling bosses of Joan of Kent face .
 he   was  

 The highlight of the next few seasons was a 5th-place finish in 2003 -- 04 as financial troubles persisted .
 financial troubles   persisted  

 In an attempt to prevent this prophecy 's fulfillment , when Jocasta indeed bore a son , Laius had his ankles pierced and tethered together so that he could not crawl ; Jocasta then gave the boy to a servant to abandon ( `` expose '' ) on the nearby mountain .
 he   could not crawl  

 In 1462 Portuguese explorer Pedro da Cintra mapped the hills surrounding what is now Freetown Harbour , naming the oddly shaped formation Serra Lyoa ( Lion Mountains ) .
 the hills   surrounding  

 Most of the families moved to the nearby village of Dooagh , which is beside the sea , while some others emigrated .
 some others   emigrated  

 The original MX-5 came with a 1.6 L dual overhead cam inline four-cylinder engine , producing 86 kW at 6,800 rpm , and 136 Nm of torque at 5,500 rpm .
 The original MX-5   came  

 The area around Sanctuary came to be called the `` sanctuary '' , and that terminology does not apply to Christian churches alone : King Solomon 's temple , built in about 950 BCE , had a sanctuary ( `` Holy of Holies '' ) where the Ark of the Covenant was , and the term applies to the corresponding part of any house of worship .
 the Ark of the Covenant   was  

 Although English longbow were much faster and more accurate than the black-powder weapons which replaced them , longbowmen always took a long time to train because of the years of practice necessary before English longbow could be used effectively ( examples of longbows from the Mary Rose typically had draws greater than 637 N ) .
 English longbow   could be used effectively  

 The simplicity of the technique and the minimal sample preparation required are significant advantages .
 the minimal sample preparation   required  

 Soon after , 156 non-Jewish hostages who did not hold Israeli passports were released and flown to safety , while 83 Jews and Israeli citizens , as well as 20 others who refused to abandon them ( among whom were the captain and crew of the hijacked Air France jet ) , continued to be held hostage .
 83 Jews and Israeli citizens , as well as 20 others   continued  

 Olympic Games was not until the 1956 Summer Games that the Soviets emerged as a sporting superpower and , in doing so , took full advantage of the publicity that came with winning at the Olympics .
 the publicity   came  

 Most precisely , Sequence can be defined as a function whose domain is a countable totally ordered set , such as the natural numbers .
 a countable   set  

 Hash and hotpot , in which potatoes and Corned beef are stewed together , are also made .
 Hash and hotpot   are also made  

 Although the full soundtrack was never released , audio renders of four of the game 's MIDI tracks were included on the CD version of the game .
 the full soundtrack   was never released  

 When this suffix is added , the vowel pronunciations change largely owing to the moveable stress : Other examples of this type are the - ⟨ ity ⟩ suffix ( as in agile vs agility , acid vs acidity , divine vs divinity , sane vs sanity ) .
 this suffix   is added  

 Although promising for anti-bacterial activity , long-term consumption of Cranberry has not been adequately proven to reduce urinary tract infections .
 long-term consumption of Cranberry   has not been adequately proven  

 Tyr 's propensity for self-preservation leads him to also join Dylan 's crew until better opportunities arise .
 better opportunities   arise  

 In German folklore and old fairy tales , toads are often depicted sitting on toadstool mushrooms and catching , with their tongues , the flies that are said to be drawn to the Fliegenpilz , a German name for the toadstool , meaning `` flies ' mushroom '' .
 the flies   are said  

 The Organisation Internationale pour le Droit à l'Education et la Liberté d'Enseignement ( OIDEL ) , an international non-profit organization for the development of freedom of education , maintains that the right to education is a fundamental human right which can not exist without the presence of State benefits and the protection of individual liberties .
 a fundamental human right   can not exist  

 In October 2005 , Stephen King signed a deal with Marvel Comics to publish a seven-issue limited series spin-off of the series called .
 the series   called  

 The first dated printed book known is the `` Diamond Sutra '' , printed in China in 868 AD , although it is clear that books were printed earlier .
 The first dated printed book   known  

 The failure of South Africa to provide antiretroviral drugs in a timely manner , due in part to the influence of AIDS denialism , is thought to be responsible for hundreds of thousands of preventable AIDS deaths and HIV infections .
 The failure of South Africa to provide antiretroviral drugs in a timely manner , due in part to the influence of AIDS denialism   is thought  

 Orton 's controversial farce What The Butler Saw debuted in the West End after Joe Orton death in 1969 .
 The Butler   Saw  

 Fiorina helmed HP for nearly three years after Capellas left .
 Capellas   left  

 This was predicted to be true in cases where tidal interactions with the star are significant .
 This   was predicted  

 While Syncretism does not officially recognize doctrine from other religions , it is believed that truth in other sources can be identified via personal revelation .
 that truth in other sources   can be identified  

 Although William of Malmesbury claims that Aldhelm , bishop of Sherborne ( d. 709 ) , performed secular songs while accompanied by a harp , none of these Old English poems survives .
 none of these Old English poems   survives  

 As Aramaic evolved into the imperial language of the Neo-Assyrian Empire , the script used to write Palaeography underwent a change into something more cursive .
 the script   to write  

 A major part of modern weather forecasting is the severe weather alerts and advisories which the national weather services issue in the case that severe or hazardous weather is expected .
 severe or hazardous weather   is expected  

 McCartney corroborated John Lennon explanation that Julian innocently came up with the name .
 Julian   innocently came up  

 The songs were not overtly political but rather observations of everyday life within Australian society and culture , in which the members with their various backgrounds ( Moss was from Alice Springs , Walker grew up in rural New South Wales , Barnes and Prestwich were working-class immigrants from the UK ) were quite well able to provide .
 were working-class immigrants from the UK   to provide  

 X. 500 directory services were traditionally accessed via the X. 500 Directory Access Protocol ( DAP ) , which required the Open Systems Interconnection ( OSI ) protocol stack .
 500 directory services   were traditionally accessed  

 A benefit of on-die cache is that Celeron operates at the same clock rate as the CPU .
 Celeron   operates  

 Although Louis-Napoleon responded receptively to the message in March 1865 , he would not commit without the cooperation of Great Britain .
 he   would not commit  

 However , several legions from the Roman province of Macedonia of Crassus ' army may already have been stationed in there around 29-28 BC , before the official imperial command was instituted .
 the official imperial command   was instituted  

 In the movie King Ralph , Ralph Jones , an American , becomes King of the United Kingdom when he is believed to be the only surviving member of the current Royal Family .
 he   is believed  

 Adonis was killed by a wild boar , said to have been sent vicariously by Artemis , jealous of Adonis ' hunting skills or in retaliation for Aphrodite instigating the death of Hippolytus , a favorite of the huntress goddess ; or by Aphrodite 's paramour , Ares , who was jealous of Aphrodite 's love for Adonis ; or by Apollo , to punish Aphrodite for blinding his son , Erymanthus .
 Adonis was killed by a wild boar   said  

 Mohammad Najibullah Ahmadzai , better known mononymously as Mohammad Najibullah or Najib , was President of Afghanistan from 1987 until 1992 when the mujahideen took over Kabul .
 Mohammad Najibullah Ahmadzai   better known mononymously  

 `` This movie from Hollywood 's poverty row , shot in six days , filled with technical errors and ham-handed narrative , starring a man who can only pout and a woman who can only sneer , should have faded from sight soon after Detour (1945 film) was released in 1945 .
 a man   can only pout  

 When a superconductor is placed in a weak external magnetic field H , and cooled below Superconductivity transition temperature , the magnetic field is ejected .
 a superconductor   cooled  

 The death of Pope Urban VIII is said to have been hastened by chagrin at the result of the First War of Castro , a war Pope Innocent X had undertaken against Odoardo Farnese , the Duke of Parma .
 The death of Pope Urban VIII   is said  

 Standing 6 ft 3 Gregory Peck rowed on the university crew .
 Standing 6   ft  

 Chemical gradients are sensed through multiple transmembrane receptors , called methyl-accepting chemotaxis proteins ( MCPs ) , which vary in the molecules that Chemotaxis detect .
 Chemical gradients   are sensed  

 In the first half of the twentieth century , some mathematicians ( notably G. H. Hardy ) believed that there exists a hierarchy of proof methods in mathematics depending on what sorts of numbers ( integers , reals , complex ) a proof requires , and that the prime number theorem ( PNT ) is a `` deep '' theorem by virtue of requiring complex analysis .
 a proof   requires  

 Because Africa is divided into many countries , railways built by different governments tend not to link up with each other , each country 's lines connecting Narrow gauge railway outlands with Narrow gauge railway own port .
 railways built by different governments   not to link up  

 The CDSA was updated as a result of the Safe Streets Act changing amphetamines from Schedule 3 to Schedule 1 .
 The CDSA   was updated  

 The country continues to experience ethnic tensions between History of Mauritania black minority population and the dominant Mauri ( Arab-Berber ) populace .
 The country   continues  

 Appendicitis incorporates the presence of four variables made up of specific signs and symptoms ( presence of right lower abdominal tenderness = 4 points and rebound tenderness = 3 ) , laboratory findings ( presence of white blood cells greater than 12,000 in the blood = 2 ) , as well as ultrasound findings ( presence of positive ultrasound scan findings of appendicitis = 6 ) , to which scores are allocated , in the computing of a scoring to predict the presence of appendicitis.The maximum score is a total score of 15 ; where a patient scores 8 or more points , there is greater than 96 % chance that appendicitis exists .
 scores   are allocated  

 Of those interpretations that fit , however , Dworkin maintains that the correct interpretation is the one that puts the political practices of the community in their best light , or makes of them the best that Jurisprudence can be .
 those interpretations   fit  

 If a constant force such as gravity is added to the system , the point of equilibrium is shifted .
 the point of equilibrium   is shifted  

 In Prometheus Bound , this dynamic is transposed : Prometheus becomes the benefactor of humanity , while every character in the drama ( except for Hermes , a virtual stand-in for Zeus ) decries the Olympian as a cruel , vicious tyrant .
 this dynamic   transposed  

 Thaana is said to have been introduced by the reign of Mohamed Thakurufaanu .
 Thaana   is said  

 Orton 's legacy stands to live on in Joe Orton hometown , Leicester ; the development of the `` cultural quarter '' of the city , a former industrial area , continues apace and the new Theatre , Curve , the central development in the area , has a new pedestrian concourse outside the theatre 's main entrance named `` Orton Square '' .
 the development of the `` cultural quarter '' of the city   continues  

 With an investment in excess of 30 million GBP , the Boots Advantage Card , launched in 1997 , is / was the largest smart card retail loyalty card scheme in the world , and the third-largest retail loyalty scheme in the UK in terms of cards issued .
 the Boots Advantage Card   is  

 A heuristic argument , given in the same paper , appears to suggest that there are infinitely many Carmichael numbers of order m , for any m.
 A heuristic argument , given in the same paper   appears  

 In many cases , genotypic interactions between the two alleles at a locus can be described as dominant or recessive , according to which of the two homozygous genotypes the phenotype of the heterozygote most resembles .
 the phenotype of the heterozygote   resembles  

 Orangutan are thought to be the sole fruit disperser for some plant species including the climber species Strychnos ignatii which contains the toxic alkaloid strychnine .
 Orangutan   are thought  

 Steven Spielberg is a box office smash .
 a box office   smash  

 Having pointed out the problems , Alhazen appears to have intended to resolve the contradictions Alhazen pointed out in Ptolemy in a later work .
 Alhazen   appears  

 Sobel 's book was also the basis for a PBS NOVA episode entitled Lost at Sea : The Search for Longitude .
 a PBS NOVA episode   entitled  

 However , Thompson et al. theorise that any society consisting of only one perspective , be Egalitarianism egalitarianist , hierarchist , individualist , fatalist or autonomist , will be inherently unstable : the claim is that an interplay between all these perspectives are required if each perspective is to be fulfilling .
 each perspective   to be fulfilling  

 Since the old 40 conductor cables do not ground pin 34 , the presence of a ground connection indicates that an 80 conductor cable is installed .
 an 80 conductor cable   is installed  

 J. R. R. Tolkien liked stories about `` Red Indians '' and the fantasy works by George MacDonald .
 the fantasy   works  

 Atari 7800 features a full Atari SALLY 6502 processor whereas the 2600 VCS has a stripped down 6507 processor running at a slower speed .
 a stripped down 6507 processor   running  

 Innovations , like multitrack recording and tape echo , enabled radio programs and advertisements to be pre-produced to a level of complexity and sophistication that was previously unattainable and tape also led to significant changes to the pacing of program content , thanks to the introduction of the endless-loop tape cartridge .
 Innovations , like multitrack recording and tape   echo  

 If gauge is not reached with one hook , another is used until the stitches made are the needed size .
 gauge   is not reached  

 St Peter 's in Edensor is also where the 6th , 7th , 8th , 9th , 10th and 11th Duke of Devonshire and their wives are buried .
 the 6th , 7th , 8th , 9th , 10th and 11th Duke of Devonshire and their wives   are buried  

 To prevent glazed wares sticking to kiln furniture during firing , either a small part of the object being fired ( for example , the foot ) is left unglazed or , alternatively , special refractory `` spurs '' are used as supports .
 either a small part of the object   being fired  

 Although progress has been made since Greenberg established the plausibility of Nilo-Saharan languages , Nilo-Saharan languages has not actually been demonstrated .
 Nilo-Saharan languages   has not actually been demonstrated  

 Wood 's body was discovered by authorities at 8 am on November 29 , 1981 , one mile away from the boat , with a small inflatable dinghy found beached nearby .
 a small inflatable dinghy   found  

 As the war went on , Joachim von Ribbentrop influence waned .
 the war   went on  

 Wessex 's history of failures preceding Alfred the Great success in 878 emphasised to Alfred that the traditional system of battle Alfred the Great had inherited played to the Danes ' advantage .
 Alfred the Great   had inherited  

 A United States study by Alfred Kinsey found that 75 % of the participants stated that there was never nudity in the home when Naturism were growing up , 5 % of the participants said that there was `` seldom '' nudity in the home , 3 % said `` often '' , and 17 % said that Naturism was `` usual '' .
 Naturism   were growing up  

 On 24 October , Indian forces fought hard hold the Rezang La Ridge , in order to prevent a nearby airstrip from falling to the Chinese .
 Indian forces   fought  

 The Prize named after mathematician John von Neumann is awarded for a body of work , rather than a single piece .
 mathematician John von Neumann   is awarded  

 On 22 July , Yates gave birth to Hutchence 's only child , their daughter Heavenly Hiraani Tiger Lily Hutchence , whom Yates claimed was delivered in their bathroom .
 Yates   claimed  

 Although nucleosomes tend to prefer some DNA sequences over others , Nucleosome are capable of binding practically to any sequence , which is thought to be due to the flexibility in the formation of these water-mediated interactions .
 any sequence   is thought  

 In the AFC title game , the Patriots traveled to Heinz Field to face the Pittsburgh Steelers , who were coming off a 27 -- 10 win over the previous season 's Super Bowl champion Baltimore Ravens .
 the Pittsburgh Steelers   were coming off  

 When ordered by temperature and when duplicate classes were removed , the spectral types of stars followed , in order of decreasing temperature with colors ranging from blue to red , the sequence O , B , A , F , G , K and M. ( A popular mnemonic for memorizing this sequence of stellar classes is `` Oh Be A Fine Girl/Guy , Kiss Me '' .
 duplicate classes   were removed  

 Howard Lincoln , chairman of Nintendo of America , said flatly that Virtual Boy `` just failed '' .
 Virtual Boy   just failed  

 Subject–verb–object is the most common order developed in Creole languages .
 the most common order   developed  

 Although the pairings in a group of 23 people are not statistically equivalent to 253 pairs chosen independently , Birthday problem becomes less surprising if a group is thought of in terms of the number of possible pairs , rather than as the number of individuals .
 253 pairs   chosen independently  

 Although they were expected to wear at least one ring , some Roman men wore a ring on every finger , while others wore none .
 they   were expected  

 Things started to go wrong when an eastbound Baltimore & Ohio train approached the town .
 Things   started  

 After Tom dies , George Shelby eulogizes Tom by saying , `` What a thing it is to be a Christian '' .
 it   is  

 He said he was displeased with the federal government 's decision to allow United States missile testing in Canada and had wanted to `` graphically illustrate to Canadians '' how wrong he believed the government to be .
 the government   to be  

 With AMD 's introduction of a 64-bit architecture backwards-compatible with x86 , x86-64 ( also called AMD64 ) , in September 2003 , followed by Intel 's near fully compatible 64-bit extensions ( first called IA-32e or EM64T , later renamed Intel 64 ) , the 64-bit desktop era began .
 the 64-bit desktop era   began  

 After a protein has been ubiquitinated , Proteasome is recognized by the 19S regulatory particle in an ATP-dependent binding step .
 a protein   has been ubiquitinated  

 The Goths seem to have been thick on the ground in northern Italy ; in the south Ostrogoths formed little more than garrisons .
 The Goths   seem  

 Many of the basic notions , such as ordinal and cardinal numbers , were developed informally by Cantor before formal axiomatizations of set theory were developed .
 formal axiomatizations of set theory   were developed  

 When Orhan succeeded Orhan I father , Orhan I proposed to Orhan I brother , Alaeddin , that they should share the emerging empire .
 I   father  

 Indeed , Expert system quickly developed in front of Expert system shows him if the future application should be programmed .
 the future application   should be programmed  

 If firms are earning profits at or above their aspiration level , then Satisficing just stay doing what Satisficing are doing ( unlike the optimizing firm which would always strive to earn the highest profits possible ) .
 Satisficing   are doing  

 Telescopium is a small constellation bordered by Sagittarius .
 a small constellation   bordered  

 They also finished with a 1-13 record in 1969 , tied with the Chicago Bears for the worst record in the NFL .
 They   finished  

 Historical factors and socio-political conditions , however , have determined the extent to which universal social literacy has come to pass '' In 1871 only about half of French Canadian men in Canada self-reported that they were Literacy , whereas 90 percent of other Canadian men said they could read and write ( Greer , cited in Green , MacKinnon & Minns , 2005 ) , but information from the Canadian Families Project sample of the 1901 Census of Canada indicated that literacy rates for French Canadians and other Canadians increased , as measured by the ability of men between the ages of 16 and 65 to answer literacy questions .
 they   write  

 This is her one active mythic role : once Apollo and Artemis are grown , Leto withdraws , to remain a dim and benevolent matronly figure upon Olympus , her part already played .
 Apollo and Artemis   are grown  

 Even life in the ocean depths , where sunlight can not reach , was believed to obtain Astrobiology nourishment either from consuming organic detritus rained down from the surface waters or from eating animals that did .
 Even life in the ocean depths , where sunlight can not reach   was believed  

 `` Being exceedingly alarmed at the misery into which John Calvin had fallen , and much more at that which threatened John Calvin in view of eternal death , John Calvin , duty bound , made it John Calvin first business to betake myself to your way , condemning John Calvin past life , not without groans and tears .
 duty   bound  

 The expected time for the neutral allele to be lost through genetic drift can be calculated as When a mutation appears only once in a population large enough for the initial frequency to be negligible , the formulas can be simplified to for average number of generations expected before fixation of a neutral mutation , and for the average number of generations expected before the loss of a neutral mutation .
 The expected time for the neutral allele to be lost through genetic drift   can be calculated  

 When Amphitryon finally returned to Thebes , Alcmene told him that he had come the night before and slept with her ; he learned from Tiresias what Zeus had done .
 Zeus   had done  

 During their studies ( after at least three years of service ) the candidates become commissioned Leutnant ( second-lieutenant ) .
 the candidates   commissioned  

 And writing in the early 1980s , historian John Demos seemed to consider Cotton Mather a moderating influence on the trials .
 historian John Demos   seemed  

 Afghanistan claims Pashtun-dominated western areas of the territory as Khyber Pakhtunkhwa own .
 Khyber Pakhtunkhwa   own  

 In the most solemn form of marriage , confarreatio , the bride and groom shared a cake made of far , the ancient wheat-type particularly associated with Ceres (mythology) .
 a cake   made  

 When the CD-ROM was developed , many computers would have been unable to accept these drives if Parallel ATA had been ATA devices , due to already having two hard drives installed .
 two hard drives   installed  

 The Minoan religion focused on female deities , with females officiating .
 females   officiating  

 Also , the new trees planted are not as big as the trees that were cut down , and the argument that there will be `` more trees '' is not compelling to forestry advocates when Recycling are counting saplings .
 the new trees   planted  

 The idea of assassinating Qasim may have been Nasser 's , and there is speculation that some of those who participated in the operation received training in Damascus , which was then part of the UAR .
 The idea of assassinating Qasim   may have been  

 When Grubman complained that Enron was the only company that could not release a balance sheet along with Enron earnings statements , Skilling replied `` Well , thank you very much , we appreciate that ... asshole '' .
 the only company that could not release a balance sheet along with Enron earnings statements ,   Skilling  

 Once the shock commenced , the rat could move to the other end of the box , ending the shock immediately .
 the shock   commenced  

 In 1991 , the US Navy began to receive deliveries of the new SH-2G Super Seasprite ; a total of 18 converted SH-2Fs and 6 new-built SH-2Gs were produced .
 6 new-built SH-2Gs   were produced  

 ″ As can be seen , while the tradition of the Rabbinic period began with providing legal definition for the practice of polygamy ( although this does not indicate the frequency with which polygamy in fact occurred ) that corresponded to precedents in the tanakh , by the time of the Codices the Rabbis had greatly reduced or eliminated sanction of Polygamy .
 the frequency   occurred  

 Like other Church Fathers such as Athenagoras , St. Augustine `` vigorously condemned the practice of induced abortion '' as a crime , in any stage of pregnancy , although Augustine of Hippo accepted the distinction between `` formed '' and `` unformed '' fetuses mentioned in the Septuagint translation of , a text that , Augustine of Hippo observed , did not classify as murder the abortion of an `` unformed '' fetus , since it could not be said with certainty that it had already received a soul ( see , e.g. , De Origine Animae4 .4 ) .
 it   could not be said  

 Huddie William Ledbetter ( January 20 , 1888 -- December 6 , 1949 ) was an American folk and blues musician , and multi-instrumentalist , notable for Lead Belly strong vocals , Lead Belly virtuosity on the twelve-string guitar , and the songbook of folk standards Lead Belly introduced .
 Lead Belly   introduced  

 However , through the careful histological examinations of Ramón y Cajal ( 1852 -- 1934 ) , a 20 to 40 nm gap between neurons , known today as the synaptic cleft , was discovered .
 a 20 to 40 nm gap between neurons , known today as the synaptic cleft   was discovered  

 If that is done the common unilateral transform simply becomes a special case of the bilateral transform where the definition of the function being transformed is multiplied by the Heaviside step function .
 that   is done  

 In both cases the praise was limited , with Cerruti going on to write that only in the Third Reich was it possible for someone as superficial as Ribbentrop to rise to be a minister of foreign affairs , while Geyr von Schweppenburg called Joachim von Ribbentrop an absolute disaster as Ambassador in London .
 the praise   was limited  

 Annual remembrance services are held at the same time of day as the original explosion occurred .
 the original explosion   occurred  

 Even dust inside the package can prevent some cells from being erased .
 some cells   from being erased  

 On 5 November 2012 , a new book entitled `` Last of the Summer Wine : From The Directors Chair '' was released and was written by producer and director Alan J.W Bell .
 a new book   entitled  

 In the Crusader states of the Levant it was generally admitted that the Byzantine claims over Antioch were legally valid , though it was pragmatically viewed that only when the Byzantine emperor was in a position to enforce them militarily were they likely to be recognised in practice .
 they   to be recognised  

 The Harry T. and Harriette V. Moore Memorial Park and Cultural Center features a museum with artifacts and time line of the civil rights movement and the story of Harry T. and Harriette V. Moore , civil rights leaders who were killed when their home was bombed .
 their home   was bombed  

 Another king will take sovereignty ; small is the profit that Áed mac Cináeda does not divide .
 mac Cináeda   does not divide  

 At absolute zero temperature the Fermi level can be thought of as the energy up to which available electron states are occupied .
 available electron states   are occupied  

 The Afghan mujahideen , in contrast to Mohammad Najibullah , continued to be supported by Pashtun factions in Pakistan .
 The Afghan mujahideen   continued  

 China responded by demanding the US keep out of the issue .
 China   responded  

 The declaration adopted in Cusco , Peru , establishing the Union of South American Nations , signalled an intention to establish a common passport design , but this appears to be a long way away .
 this   appears  

 However , a slight slip in form towards the end of the season saw Swindon finish 5th , entering the play-offs against Charlton Athletic .
 Swindon   finish 5th  

 Harry Zinder of Time magazine noted that the Italians fought better than had been expected , and commented that for the Italians : By late morning on 4 November , Rommel realised his situation was dire : `` The picture in the early afternoon of the 4th was as follows : powerful enemy armoured forces ... had burst a 12-mile hole in our front , through which strong bodies of tanks were moving to the west .
 the Italians   fought better  

 Acute neutron radiation , such as from a nuclear criticality accident , converts some of the stable 23Na in human blood to 24Na ; by measuring the concentration of 24Na in relation to 23Na , the neutron radiation dosage of the victim can be calculated .
 the neutron radiation dosage of the victim   can be calculated  

 The LVF became more closely tied to the Ulster Freedom Fighters ( UFF ) organisation that was led by Johnny ` Mad Dog ' Adair .
 The LVF   more closely tied  

 In addition , Asteroids (video game) rotated , a new enemy dubbed a killer satellite was added to Asteroids (video game) , which would , when shot , break apart into three smaller ships that homed on the player 's position .
 Asteroids   rotated  

 Otto von Bismarck was also given a cash grant by the Prussian Landtag , which Otto von Bismarck used to buy a new country estate , Varzin , larger than Otto von Bismarck existing estates combined .
 existing estates   combined  

 The Protectorate Ordinances ( passed in the Colony in 1896 and 1897 ) abolished the title of King and replaced History of Sierra Leone with `` Paramount Chief '' ; chiefs and kings had formerly been selected by the leading members of their own communities , now all chiefs , even paramount ones , could be deposed or installed at the will of the Governor ; most of the judicial powers of the chiefs were removed and given to courts presided over by British `` District Commissioners '' ; the Governor decreed that a house tax of 5s to 10s was to be levied annually on every dwelling in the Protectorate .
 most of the judicial powers of the chiefs   were removed  

 When Vichitravirya dies young without any heirs , Satyavati asks her first son Vyasa to father children with the widows .
 Vichitravirya   dies young  

 During the British era , which lasted until 1965 , Maldives continued to be ruled under a succession of sultans .
 Maldives   to be ruled  

 In many undergraduate physics texts the event is presented as an example of elementary forced resonance with the wind providing an external periodic frequency that matched the natural structural frequency , even though the real cause of Tacoma Narrows Bridge failure was aeroelastic flutter .
 an external periodic frequency   matched  

 Mailbox Road is where the infamous `` Black mailbox '' used to be located .
 the infamous `` Black mailbox   used  

 The hint was taken : in all provinces where serfdom existed , emancipation committees were formed .
 The hint   was taken  

 Actor and comedian Patton Oswalt was among the first celebrities to openly voice disappointment with Leno , saying , `` Comedians who do n't like Jay Leno now , and Jay Leno 'm one of them , we 're not like , ` Jay Leno sucks ; ' it 's that we 're so hurt and disappointed that one of the best comedians of our generation ... willfully has shut the switch off '' .
 Actor and comedian Patton Oswalt   saying  

 The outbreak of the civil war in 1991 meant that the Somali National Army ` ceased to exist ' .
 the Somali National Army   to exist  

 According to the Midrash , only the Pharaoh was spared to give testimony to the miracle that occurred .
 the miracle   occurred  

 As reservist officers were demobilized , Manhattan Project were replaced by about fifty hand-picked regular officers .
 reservist officers   were demobilized  

 Ancient Egyptian pyramids were in most cases placed western of the river Nile because the divine pharaoh 's soul was meant to join with the sun during Pyramid descent before continuing with the sun in Pyramid eternal round .
 the divine pharaoh 's soul   was meant  

 The vast majority of the French knights advanced on foot but , exhausted by walking across wet muddy terrain in heavy armour and being buffeted by thousands of arrows , English longbow were overwhelmed when the English and Welsh longbowmen , using their swords and mauls , joined the hand-to-hand fighting in support of the English men-at-arms .
 The vast majority of the French knights   exhausted  

 Steve Ditko had to know how Steve Ditko looked ... before Steve Ditko did any breakdowns .
 Steve Ditko   looked  

 Mice lacking SOD2 die several days after birth , amid massive oxidative stress .
 Mice   lacking  

 The Church militant , John Wycliffe taught , needs a head -- but one whom God gives the Church .
 John Wycliffe   taught  

 As the Canadian assault advanced , Battle of Vimy Ridge overran many of the German guns because there was no means of moving them to the rear on account of many of the horses being killed in the initial gas attack .
 the Canadian assault   advanced  

 This is despite the fact that Quebec has physical Atlantic coasts on the Gulf of St. Lawrence , Ungava Bay , and the Hudson Strait .
 This   is  

 Every rational soul has naturally a good free-will , formed for the choice of what is good .
 a good free-will   formed  

 A 1965 proposal by two TDs to replace statute miles with Irish miles in a clause of the Road Transport Act was rejected .
 A 1965 proposal by two TDs to replace statute miles with Irish miles in a clause of the Road Transport Act   was rejected  

 The act is written and narrated by writer Logan Hill who , as a 12-year old , was consumed with reading Anthony 's novels .
 The act   is written  

 With the major groups including the TELO and EPRLF eliminated , the remaining Tamil insurgent groups , numbering around 20 , were then absorbed into the LTTE , making Jaffna an LTTE-dominated city .
 the major groups including the TELO and EPRLF   eliminated  

 When Queen Victoria was invited to open the new Manchester Town Hall , she is alleged to have consented on condition that the statue of Oliver Cromwell be removed .
 the statue of Oliver Cromwell   be removed  

 Charles , hoping to maintain French influence over the papacy , tried to persuade Pope Gregory to remain in France , arguing that `` Rome is wherever the Pope happens to be '' .
 the Pope   to be  

 As the scaling behavior approaches this size , Power law must taper off .
 Power law   must taper off  

 Briggs , Compton , Lawrence , Murphree and Urey met on 23 May 1942 to finalize the S-1 Committee recommendations , which called for all five technologies to be pursued .
 all five technologies   to be pursued  

 Although the cabin lights remained lit , the ground crew was at first unable to find the astronauts through the dense smoke .
 the cabin lights   lit  

 The gas leaving the container is somewhat enriched in the lighter molecules , while the residual gas is somewhat depleted .
 the residual gas   somewhat depleted  

 Cranberries are harvested in the fall when the fruit takes on Cranberry distinctive deep red color .
 the fruit   takes  

 When Maurice Richard realized the crowd was not letting up and their love for Maurice Richard was real , Maurice Richard broke down in tears while waving and mouthing `` thank you '' .
 the crowd   was not letting up  

 Chris Noth portrays the Lex Luthor of a parallel universe ( where Lex Luthor is a superhero ) in the animated DVD release .
 Lex Luthor   is  

 Mabel Tolkien was then about 34 years of age , about as old as a person with diabetes mellitus type 1 could live with no treatment -- insulin would not be discovered until two decades later .
 diabetes   could live  

 Slovenia economy developed rapidly , particularly in the 1950s when Slovenia was strongly industrialised .
 Slovenia   was strongly industrialised  

 Since making this decision correctly will lead to the most long-run profit for a skilled player , players often put considerable study into what the appropriate starting hand `` standards '' are for the game being played .
 the game   being played  

 `` Onion routing '' refers to the layered nature of the encryption service : The original data are encrypted and re-encrypted multiple times , then sent through successive Tor relays , each one of which decrypts a `` layer '' of encryption before passing the data on to the next relay and ultimately the destination .
 : The original data are encrypted and re-encrypted multiple times , then sent through successive Tor   relays  

 The two qualities are connected for example in ayat 43.2 -- 3 , `` By the clear Book : We have made it an Arabic recitation in order that you may understand '' .
 you   may understand  

 The show `` became a milestone , so that later historians writing about important moments in twentieth-century theatre would begin to identify eras according to their relationship to Oklahoma !
 later historians writing about important moments in twentieth-century theatre   would begin  

 In 1517 , it was believed that all of the money that Tetzel was trying to raise was for the ongoing reconstruction of St. Peter 's Basilica , though half the money went towards helping the Archbishop of Mainz , Albert of Brandenburg , under whose authority Tetzel was operating , to pay off the debts Johann Tetzel had incurred in securing the agreement of the Pope to Johann Tetzel acquisition of the Archbishopric .
 Tetzel   was operating  

 Programmed Data Processor ( PDP ) was a series of minicomputers made and marketed by the Digital Equipment Corporation from 1957 to 1990 .
 minicomputers   made  

 The subtitles are a continuation to an argument some Python fans have waged over whether the Hungarian is saying `` Spam (Monty Python) '' ( which would be logical ) or `` Sperm '' ( which would tie in better with the Hungarian phrasebook 's wording ) .
 Sperm   would tie  

 In insurance , a manuscript policy is one that is negotiated between the insurer and the policyholder , as opposed to an off-the-shelf form supplied by the insurer .
 one   is negotiated  

 James Bentley gives an account of how this came about , prefacing it with the comment , `` Tischendorf therefore now embarked on the remarkable piece of duplicity which was to occupy him for the next decade , which involved the careful suppression of facts and the systematic denigration of the monks of Mount Sinai '' .
 this   came about  

 At the point where liquid begins to condense , the direction of the temperature and pressure curve will abruptly change to trace along the phase line until all of the water has condensed .
 liquid   to condense  

 Another of Riefenstahl 's films , 1938 's Olympia , was meant to prove that the Reichstag was a democratic and open society under Nazi rule .
 Another of Riefenstahl 's films   was meant  

 The fact that some parts of the codex are preserved in good condition , while others are in very poor condition , implies they were separated and stored in several places .
 they   were separated  

 Although Battle of Vimy Ridge is not generally considered the greatest achievement of the Canadian Corps in strategic importance or results obtained , it was the first instance in which all four Canadian divisions , made up of troops drawn from all parts of the country , fought as a cohesive formation .
 the greatest achievement of the Canadian Corps in strategic importance or results   obtained  

 The three roles Sellers undertook were distinct , `` variegated , complex and refined '' , and critic Alexander Walker considered that these roles `` showed Peter Sellers genius at full stretch '' .
 The three roles Sellers   undertook  

 In 2010 , Lake Oswego, Oregon was lowered approximately 24 ft to allow for construction of a new sewer line , the lowest lake level since 1962 when the original sewer line was installed .
 the original sewer line   was installed  

 There was no shortage of European and American clients willing to sell equipment , including British companies , one of which unwittingly sold the ANO riot guns it believed were intended for an African state , though documents show half the shipment went to East Germany and half was kept by Abu Nidal .
 it   believed  

 It is also sometimes held that when Semantic dispute arises , the focus of the debate should switch from the original thesis to the meaning of the terms of which there are different definitions ( understandings , concepts , etc. ) .
 Semantic dispute   arises  

 If Tchaikovsky attempted to explain Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky sexual mores to Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky wife , she did not understand .
 she   did not understand  

 Once the public realized it was possible to play video games other than Pong , and programmers learned how to push Atari 2600 hardware 's capabilities , the VCS gained popularity .
 the public   realized  

 Various uses of the word ` black ' ( for example , `` Haply for I am black '' ) are insufficient evidence for any accurate racial classification , Honigmann argues , since ` black ' could simply mean ` swarthy ' to Elizabethans .
 Honigmann   argues  

 According to The Hollywood Reporter 's annual Star Salary Top 10 , Drew Barrymore was tied for eighth place on the top ten list of actresses ' salaries , commanding 10 to 12 million dollars per movie for 2006 .
 Drew Barrymore   was tied  

 Duvalier ordered François Duvalier Presidential Guard to occupy the Dominican Embassy in Pétionville , aiming at apprehending an army officer believed to have been involved in Barbot 's plot to kidnap Duvalier 's children .
 an army officer   believed  

 Oliver Cromwell conquest , unwelcome as it was , left no significant lasting legacy of bitterness in Scotland .
 it   was  

 The Greeks ( who tended earlier to use names related to `` Median '' ) began in the 5th century to use adjectives such as Perses , Persica or Persis for Cyrus the Great 's empire , which is where the word Persian in English comes from .
 the word   comes  

 Gene Siskel from the Chicago Tribune praised the film , saying , `` This is a big film , dealing with big issues , made on a grand scale .
 a big film , dealing with big issues   made  

 On the Hot R&B / Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart , the Perri track `` Feel So Good '' reached the fifty-first spot , while Public Enemy 's `` Fight the Power '' reached number twenty , and Guy 's `` My Fantasy '' went all the way to the top spot .
 My Fantasy   went  

 Battling Jim , who died during the Spanish influenza epidemic of 1918 , ended with a career record of 30 wins against 31 losses and six draws when Jack Johnson (boxer) newspaper decisions are factored in .
 Battling Jim   ended  

 However , this power can be surrendered to other organizations if the Attorney General declares the case to be linked to an intentional criminal act , although National Transportation Safety Board would still provide technical support in such investigations .
 the case   to be linked  

 Note that the shuffling machines have to be carefully designed , as Shuffling can generate biased shuffles otherwise : the most recent shuffling machines are computer-controlled , though Shuffling have not yet fully been integrated into gaming .
 the shuffling machines   to be carefully designed  

 In the 6th century BC , Miletus was the site of origin of the Greek philosophical ( and scientific ) tradition , when Thales , followed by Anaximander and Anaximenes ( known collectively , to modern scholars , as the Milesian School ) began to speculate about the material constitution of the world , and to propose speculative naturalistic ( as opposed to traditional , supernatural ) explanations for various natural phenomena .
 Thales   followed  

 In the early part of Nadia Comăneci career , Comăneci 's competitive vault was a piked Tsukahara ( a half-turn pre-flight followed by a piked back salto ) .
 a half-turn pre-flight   followed  

 Informally speaking , Prime number theorem states that if a random integer is selected in the range of zero to some large integer N , the probability that the selected integer is prime is about 1 / ln ( N ) , where ln ( N ) is the natural logarithm of N. Consequently , a random integer with at most 2n digits ( for large enough n ) is about half as likely to be prime as a random integer with at most n digits .
 a random integer   is selected  

 The Australian film industry continues to produce a reasonable number of films each year , but in common with other English-speaking countries , Australia has often found Cinema of Australia difficult to compete with the American film industry , the latter helped by having a much larger home market .
 the latter   helped  

 Primitive forms of propaganda have been a human activity as far back as reliable recorded evidence exists .
 reliable recorded evidence   exists  

 The world premiere was performed at Seattle 's most historic theater ( originally built as a movie palace ) , The Paramount Theater , between August 7 , 2007 , and September 1 , 2007 after which it opened on Broadway at the former Foxwoods Theater ( then the Hilton Theater ) , New York , on October 11 , 2007 .
 The world premiere   was performed  

 A symbol in a syllabary , called a syllabogram , typically represents an ( optional ) consonant sound ( simple onset ) followed by a vowel sound ( nucleus ) -- that is , a CV or V syllable -- but other phonographic mappings such as CVC and CV-tone are also found in Syllabary .
 an ( optional ) consonant sound   followed  

 `` Ariel Sharon lies in bed , looking like the lord of the manor , sleeping tranquilly .
 the manor   sleeping tranquilly  

 This , usually combined with a rubber pinch roller , ensures that the tape speed does not fluctuate .
 the tape speed   does not fluctuate  

 The competition was run in conjunction with the Come Out Youth Arts Festival , a long-running festival that involves young people throughout South Australia .
 The competition   was run  

 This definition is commonly used in English style guides for writing , where the terms attributive and adjective are frequently treated as synonyms , because attributive phrases are typically hyphenated , whereas predicative phrases generally are not , despite both modifying a noun .
 predicative phrases   generally are not  

 When this happens , an exception to the odd chip rules above can be made : if the high hand wins Split (poker) half of the pot alone , and the low half is going to be quartered , the odd chip ( if any ) from the first split should be placed in the low half , rather than being awarded to the high hand .
 the low half   to be quartered  

 Most third-party developers switched to the PlayStation , such as Square and Enix , whose Final Fantasy VII and Dragon Warrior VII were initially pre-planned for the N64 , while some who remained released fewer games to the Nintendo Nintendo 64 .
 some   remained  

 The carburetor intake was much larger , a long duct like that on the Nakajima B6N Tenzan was added , and a large spinner -- like that on the Yokosuka D4Y Suisei with the Kinsei 62 -- was mounted .
 a long duct like that on the Nakajima B6N Tenzan   was added  

 While Scientific revolution dates are disputed , the publication in 1543 of Nicolaus Copernicus 's De revolutionibus orbium coelestium ( On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres ) and Andreas Vesalius 's De humani corporis fabrica ( On the Fabric of the Human body ) is often cited as marking the beginning of the scientific revolution .
 Scientific revolution dates   are disputed  

 The episode is unusual in Steven Spielberg body of work , in that the camerawork is more highly stylized than Steven Spielberg later , more `` mature '' films .
 the camerawork   more highly stylized  

 Protein structure prediction methods attempt to provide a means of generating a plausible structure for proteins whose structures have not been experimentally determined .
 proteins   have not been experimentally determined  

 After the Third Anglo-Afghan War ended , the reforming King Amanullah did not see the need for a large army , instead deciding to rely on Afghanistan 's historical martial qualities .
 the Third Anglo-Afghan War   ended  

 Since a scene may become too intense for a submissive partner to remember what Safeword is , in practice commonly the words safeword or red are also used as Safeword .
 Safeword   is  

 , screenwriter William Goldman , commenting on North by Northwest , insists that it was Lehman who created North by Northwest and that many of Hitchcock 's ideas were not used .
 many of Hitchcock 's ideas   were not used  

 Perhaps at this time Caravaggio painted also a David with the Head of Goliath , showing the young David with a strangely sorrowful expression gazing on the severed head of the giant , which is again Caravaggio 's .
 a strangely sorrowful expression   gazing  

 Juventus F.C. have been proclaimed World 's Club Team of the Year twice ( 1993 and 1996 ) and was ranked in 3rd place -- the highest ranking of any Italian club -- in the All-Time Club World Ranking ( 1991 -- 2009 period ) by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics .
 Juventus F.C.   have been proclaimed  

 Motorola 68040 differs from the 68040 in that Motorola 68040 has neither an FPU nor an MMU .
 Motorola 68040   differs  

 Pope Innocent VII died so suddenly at Rome on 6 November 1406 that there were rumors of foul play , which have been denied ever since : there is no evidence that Pope Innocent VII did not die of natural causes .
 rumors of foul play   have been denied ever  

 This invariable connection between middle term and predicate is unconditional and causes inference not by virtue of Cārvāka existence , like the existence of the eye is the cause of perception , but by virtue of Cārvāka being known .
 virtue of Cārvāka   being known  

 However , History of the Republic of Macedonia also remarked that the language spoken in Macedonia had somewhat of a distinctive character -- often described as a `` Western Bulgarian dialect '' as other Bulgarian dialects in modern western Bulgaria .
 the language spoken in Macedonia   had somewhat  

 Bodies purported to be those of self-mummified monks are exhibited in several Japanese shrines , and Mummy has been claimed that the monks , prior to their death , stuck to a sparse diet made up of salt , nuts , seeds , roots , pine bark , and urushi tea .
 Bodies   purported  

 The same principles have been applied to the analysis of sign languages ( see Phonemes in sign languages ) , even though the sub-lexical units are not instantiated as speech sounds .
 speech   sounds  

 By the last statement , Ribbentrop clearly implied that the Soviet Union should be included in the anti-British alliance system Joachim von Ribbentrop had proposed .
 the Soviet Union   had proposed  

 Marx notes that under Feudal Law , peasants were legally as entitled to their land as the aristocracy was to Property manors .
 peasants   entitled  

 This seems to indicate that Gustavus Adolphus , at the age of 33 , had little hope of having other children .
 This   seems  

 In the 6th century BC , Miletus was the site of origin of the Greek philosophical ( and scientific ) tradition , when Thales , followed by Anaximander and Anaximenes ( known collectively , to modern scholars , as the Milesian School ) began to speculate about the material constitution of the world , and to propose speculative naturalistic ( as opposed to traditional , supernatural ) explanations for various natural phenomena .
 Thales , followed by Anaximander and Anaximenes ( known collectively , to modern scholars , as the Milesian School )   began  

 Weizsäcker had no moral objections to the idea of destroying Czechoslovakia ; Joachim von Ribbentrop was only opposed to the timing of the attack .
 Joachim von Ribbentrop   only opposed  

 In the New Testament of the Christian Bible , Lord's Prayer appears in two forms : in the Gospel of Matthew as part of the Sermon on the Mount , and in the Gospel of Luke , which records Jesus being approached by `` one of his disciples '' with a request to teach them `` to pray as John taught his disciples '' .
 them   to pray  

 Trans World Airlines Flight 800 ( TWA Flight 800 ) , a Boeing 747-131 , exploded and crashed into the Atlantic Ocean near East Moriches , New York , on July 17 , 1996 , at about 20:31 EDT , 12 minutes after takeoff from John F. Kennedy International Airport , killing all 230 people on board .
 TWA Flight 800   exploded  

 The fact that Sinaiticus was collated with the manuscript of Pamphilus so late as the sixth century seems to show that Codex Sinaiticus was not originally written at Caesarea '' .
 The fact that Sinaiticus was collated with the manuscript of Pamphilus so late as the sixth century   seems  

 As of 2010 , homosexuality has been illegal in Malawi , and in one recent case , a couple perceived as homosexual faced extensive jail time when convicted .
 a couple   perceived  

 The failure of the ` Fifteen convinced the Jacobites that to overthrow the Hanoverians they needed the support of a major European power , and in an age when the Habsburg empire was collapsing and armies becoming professionalised this gave a lever to any country in dispute with Britain .
 armies   professionalised  

 Also popular in the Soviet Union , the government produced such animated shorts as What Hitler Wants , which depicts a devilish Hitler giving Russian factories to capitalists , enslaving and riding once-free Soviet citizens , but shows that the U.S.S.R. will be prepared to fight , paying the Germans back in triplicate , ready to beat the ` fascist pirates ' .
 the U.S.S.R.   to fight  

 The pressure a liquid exerts depends on Pressure depth .
 a liquid   exerts  

 Ethanol was one of the first structural formulas determined .
 the first structural formulas   determined  

 Telecommunications in the Maldives inhabited islands are connected with telephone and fax servicesatellite earth station - 3 Intelsat ( Indian Ocean ) AM 1 , FM 5 , shortwave 1 ( 2008 ) 35,000 ( 1999 ) 3 ( 2009 ) 10,000 ( 1999 ) Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) : 2 ( 2003 ) 20,000 ( 2008 ) Country code ( Top level domain ) : MV MV Domain registrar : http://www.dhivehinet.net.mv
 inhabited islands   are connected  

 As Great Barrier Reef rose , the corals could then grow higher on the hills of the coastal plain .
 Great Barrier Reef   rose  

 Both of the former Prime Ministers of Singapore , Lee Kuan Yew and Goh Chok Tong , have stated that Singapore does not fit the traditional description of a nation , calling it a society in transition , pointing out the fact that Singaporeans do not all speak the same language , share the same religion or have the same customs .
 Singaporeans   do  

 Lowell 's books on Mars expanded on this notion of Martian canals , and a standard model of Mars as a drying , cooling , dying world was established .
 Lowell 's books on Mars   cooling  

 This is a microscopic piece of disc material that breaks off and becomes lodged in a spinal artery .
 disc material   breaks off  

 The Austrian Germans also found themselves not allowed to join Germany as German Austria was strictly forbidden to join Germany as well as the name `` German Austria '' was forbidden so the name was changed back to just `` Austria '' and the First Austrian Republic was created in 1919 .
 was forbidden   the name  

 Calvin 's friends urged John Calvin to marry .
 John Calvin   to marry  

 Victoria has accepted majority verdicts with the same conditions since 1994 , though deliberations must go on for six hours before a majority verdict can be made .
 a majority verdict   can be made  

 Several of these objects are not only unique in having such an early , definite dating , but also because they pre-date written records of their use ; protractors would have reasonably been used to measure distance on maps , but sea charts are not known to have been used by English navigators during the first half of the 16th century , compasses were not depicted on English ships until the 1560s , and the first mention of a logreel is from 1574 .
 compasses   were not depicted  

 Although Spanish and Portuguese are widely considered to be mutually intelligible , Spanish language has been noted that while most Portuguese speakers can understand spoken Spanish with little difficulty , Spanish speakers face more difficulty in understanding spoken Portuguese .
 Spanish language   has been noted  

 The westward drive of the Mongol invasions had pushed scores of Muslims toward Osman 's Anatolian principality , a power base that Osman I was quick to consolidate .
 Osman I   to consolidate  

 One way that dunes can move is by saltation , where sand particles skip along the ground like a bouncing ball .
 dunes   can move  

 Frank Borman , Jim Lovell , and William Anders , the astronauts on the Apollo 8 mission , were similarly inspired , with Borman commenting `` In a very real sense , Jules Verne is one of the pioneers of the space age .
 Frank Borman , Jim Lovell , and William Anders   were similarly inspired  

 The design was so important to SGI , at the time one of MIPS ' few major customers , that SGI bought the company outright in 1992 in order to guarantee the design would not be lost .
 one of MIPS ' few major customers   would not be lost  

 Ratings AA-1 and AA-2 were for essential weapons and equipment , so Colonel Lucius D. Clay , the deputy chief of staff at Services and Supply for requirements and resources , felt that the highest rating he could assign was AA-3 , although he was willing to provide a AAA rating on request for critical materials if the need arose .
 the need   arose  

 At that moment , Cora receives a telegram from the governor warning that if the quota of forty-nine cookies is not filled , she will be impeached .
 she   will be impeached  

 Therefore , when two symmetrical elements are unconnected the mind perceptually connects them to form a coherent shape .
 two symmetrical elements   are unconnected  

 Fragment 16 , for instance , serves to characterise Helen , a key figure of Homer 's , while Fragment 44 glorifies domestic joy by depicting the events leading to the wedding of Hector and Andromache .
 the events   leading  

 Valentinian Gnosticism teaches that matter came about through emanations of the supreme being , and to some this event is held to be more accidental than intentional .
 that matter   came  

 The next year Thomas Beaufort, Duke of Exeter was captured at the Battle of Baugé where Thomas Beaufort, Duke of Exeter nephew Thomas of Lancaster , 1st Duke of Clarence was killed .
 1st Duke of Clarence   was killed  

 As one of the five founding members of the ASEAN , Singapore is a strong supporter of the ASEAN Free Trade Area and the ASEAN Investment Area , because Singapore economic growth is closely linked with the economic progress of the region as a whole .
 Singapore economic growth   is closely linked  

 This usage died out around the time of World War II , as the industry started to avoid the word , given the pejorative connotation Propaganda had acquired .
 the word   given  

 An important application of digit extraction algorithms is to validate new claims of record computations : After a new record is claimed , the decimal result is converted to hexadecimal , and then a digit extraction algorithm is used to calculate several random hexadecimal digits near the end ; if Pi match , this provides a measure of confidence that the entire computation is correct .
 a new record   is claimed  

 Generics allow compile-time type checking without having to create a large number of container classes , each containing almost identical code .
 compile-time type   checking  

 Loren Pope , original author of the Colleges that Change Lives college guide and former education editor for The New York Times , writes about Marlboro , saying , `` You will find the Marlboro adventure far more intense and intellectually demanding than Harvard , any other Ivy , or Ivy clone .
 the Colleges   Change  

 Standard monetary bonuses are awarded for winning a round , losing a round , killing an enemy , being the first to instruct a hostage to follow , rescuing a hostage or planting ( Terrorist ) / defusing ( Counter terrorist ) the bomb ( C4 ) in the bomb site .
 a hostage   to follow  

 Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg wanted to go home to Brandenburg , in which case the electoral prince there demanded financial compensation from Sweden , where on the contrary the Council expected to withdraw Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg appanage as well as Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg properties .
 Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg   appanage  

 Self Fulfilling prophecies occur when people believe what Propaganda have been told Propaganda are .
 Propaganda   are  

 One mistake that Macdonald believed the Liberals had made was a free-trade agreement with Washington , negotiated in 1874 ; Macdonald had come to believe that protection was necessary to build Canadian industry .
 the Liberals   had made  

 However , a different rule called the `` discovery rule '' applies in many other cases , including often in medical malpractice , or a similar effect may be applied through tolling .
 a different rule called the `` discovery rule ''   applies  

 However , the potential of such a theory remains uncertain if not dubious due to the high-speed precision involved and possible payloads required .
 the high-speed precision   involved  

 Though many nations ' armored formations included an organic mechanized infantry component at the start of World War II , the proportion of mechanized infantry in such combined arms formations was increased by most armies as the war progressed .
 the war   progressed  

 As such , Leukemia is the cultural successor to tuberculosis , which held this cultural position until tuberculosis was discovered to be an infectious disease .
 tuberculosis   was discovered  

 Poverty continues to be one of the region 's main challenges ; according to the ECLAC , Latin America is the most unequal region in the world .
 Poverty   continues  

 Population : The 2010 Census reported the largest group to be the 160,185 ethnic Russians ( 92.7 % ) , followed by 4,871 ethnic Ukrainians ( 2.8 % ) , and 1,628 ethnic Jews ( 1 % ) .
 the largest group to be the 160,185 ethnic Russians ( 92.7 % )   followed  

 Zuckerman acts largely as an observer rather than the protagonist of the novel , who is Coleman Silk , a retired professor of classics whose complex story is slowly revealed .
 classics   is slowly revealed  

 Joni Mitchell had access to sample clothes that were too fashionable for our community ... Joni Mitchell would go hang out on the streets dressed to the T. .
 Joni Mitchell   would go  

 Concorde produced nitrogen oxides in Concorde exhaust , which , despite complicated chemical interactions with other ozone-depleting chemicals , are understood to result in degradation to the ozone layer at the stratospheric altitudes Concorde cruised .
 Concorde   cruised  

 J.E.B. Stuart last whispered words were : `` J.E.B. Stuart am resigned ; God 's will be done '' .
 God 's   will be done  

 While the machine was never developed commercially , Tape recorder was an interesting ancestor to the modern magnetic tape recorder which Tape recorder resembled somewhat in design .
 the machine   was never developed commercially  

 A consequence of this phonemic merger is that Middle Irish unstressed word-final , ( `` religion '' ; Irish ) , ( `` fainting '' ; Early Modern Irish , lit .
 Early Modern Irish   lit  

 Achelous resembled a bull 's voice in the noise of the water ; Achelous windings and Achelous reaches gave rise to the story about his forming himself into a serpent and about his horns ; the formation of islands at the mouth of the river requires no explanation .
 Achelous   reaches  

 An urn discovered in Maalhos ( Ari Atoll ) in the 1980s has a Vishvavajra inscribed with Protobengali script .
 a Vishvavajra   inscribed  

 In order that Sulpicius Severus work might fairly stand beside that of the old Latin writers , Severus ignored the allegorical methods of interpreting sacred history to which the heretics and the orthodox of Sulpicius Severus age were wedded .
 the heretics and the orthodox of Sulpicius Severus age   were wedded  

 The Port of Singapore , run by the port operators PSA International ( formerly the Port of Singapore Authority ) and Jurong Port , is the world 's busiest in terms of shipping tonnage handled 1.04 billion gross tons were handled in the year 2004 , crossing the one billion mark for the first time in Singapore 's maritime history .
 PSA International   is  

 Taxonomic characters provide the evidence from which relationship ( the phylogeny ) between taxa is inferred .
 the evidence   is inferred  

 `` Consensual nonconsent '' may also occur if the top and the submissive are reenacting a punishment scene ( e.g. a shipboard flogging ) in which the offender , played by the submissive , is sentenced to receive a certain number of lashes as punishment .
 Consensual nonconsent   may also occur  

 At that moment , Cora receives a telegram from the governor warning that if the quota of forty-nine cookies is not filled , she will be impeached .
 the quota of forty-nine cookies   is not filled  

 Some of Stasi is very easy due to the number of archives and the failure of shredding machines ( in some cases `` shredding '' meant tearing paper in two by hand and documents could be recovered easily ) .
 documents   could be recovered easily  

 M. monachus belongs to the long-tailed clade of these -- macaws and conures , essentially -- , which would retain the name Arini/Arinae if this polyphyletic group is split .
 this polyphyletic group   is split  

 An Event monitor records short term EKG rhythm patterns , generally storing the last 2 to 5 minutes , adding in new and discarding old data , for 1 to 2 weeks or more .
 An Event monitor records short term EKG rhythm patterns   adding  

 The practice of cutting is primarily a method of reducing the likelihood of someone cheating by manipulating the order of Cut (cards) to gain advantage .
 someone   cheating  

 Missouri is neither monitored nor regulated by the state 's Department of Elementary and Secondary Education A supplemental education program , the Missouri Scholars Academy , provides an extracurricular learning experience for gifted high school students in the state of Missouri .
 Missouri   monitored  

 Allen Ginsberg was even more struck by reading Corso 's poems , realizing Corso was `` spiritually gifted '' .
 Allen Ginsberg   even more struck  

 Later on 1 May , Vice-Admiral Hans-Erich Voss saw Joseph Goebbels for the last time : `` Before the breakout from the bunker began , about ten generals and officers , including myself , went down individually to Joseph Goebbels shelter to say goodbye .
 the breakout from the bunker   began  

 This first film was based on the 1957 novel 4:50 from Paddington ( U.S. title , What Mrs. McGillicuddy Saw ! )
 Mrs. McGillicuddy   Saw  

 The early activity of Los Saicos has led many to claim that punk originated in Lima instead of the UK , as it typically assumed .
 it   typically assumed  

 In 2003 , the twenty-one-song greatest hits compilation Retrospective : The Best of Suzanne Vega was released .
 The Best of Suzanne Vega   was released  

 The flamethrower found Flamethrower origins also in the Byzantine Empire , employing Greek fire in a device of a hand-held pump that shot bursts of Greek fire via a siphon-hose and piston , igniting Flamethrower with a match , similar to modern versions , as Flamethrower was ejected .
 Flamethrower   was ejected  

 EPROM is a type of memory chip that retains its data when its power supply is switched off .
 its power supply   is switched off  

 Indeed , such a smallest element exists : First , Φ is not empty because the power set 2X is in & Phi ; .
 such a smallest element   exists  

 Further trials of this nature against deceased persons were banned , but Pope Sergius III ( 904 -- 911 ) reapproved the decisions against Pope Formosus .
 Further trials of this nature against deceased persons   were banned  

 The famous Hong Kong Tramways are gauge , and the territory 's metro , the MTR , runs on 1432 mm gauge except for the standard gauge KCR network Narrow gauge railway operates under a lease .
 the territory 's metro   runs  

 In interviews , Lee and Lifeson have both said that Rutsey was dissatisfied with what John Rutsey had written and had torn up the lyric sheets .
 John Rutsey   had written  

 Hirsch Zecharias Frankel began in the following year a series of articles in which Zecharias Frankel took exception to some of Frankel 's statements , especially to Zecharias Frankel definition of rabbinical tradition , which Zecharias Frankel found vague ; Zecharias Frankel further objected to Frankel 's conception of the rabbinical controversies , which were , according to Frankel , improperly decided by certain devices common in parliamentary bodies .
 the rabbinical controversies   were  

 He was also able to correctly deduce the role of the retina as the actual organ that recorded images , finally being able to scientifically quantify the effects of different types of lenses that spectacle makers had been observing over the previous 300 years .
 lenses   spectacle  

 The Belgrano , which was outside the exclusion zone to the north , was ordered south .
 The Belgrano   was ordered south  

 A review of ET measurement techniques for estimating the water requirements of urban landscape vegetation could be seen Evapotranspiration ( PET ) is the amount of water that would be evaporated and transpired if there were sufficient water available .
 the amount of water   would be evaporated  

 A `` blind plea '' is a guilty plea entered with no plea agreement in place .
 a guilty plea   entered  

 According to Cernan , `` A lot of people thought about the kind of people we were : ` Do n't give those guys an opportunity to land , 'cause they might !
 those guys   to land  

 Eastward from Bhutan and north of the Brahmaputra River ( Yarlung Zangbo Jiang ) lies a large area controlled and administered by India but claimed by the Chinese .
 a large area   controlled  

 In a 2004 documentary Ulmer 's daughter Arianne presented a shooting script title page which noted , `` June 14 , 1945-June 29 .
 a shooting script title page   noted  

 In such cases , OpenGL could also happen that the Khronos Group 's Architecture Review Board gives the extension their explicit approval , in which case the identifier ARB is used .
 the identifier   is used  

 Secretin and cholecystokinin are released from cells in the Duodenum epithelium in response to acidic and fatty stimuli present there when the pylorus opens and releases gastric chyme into the duodenum for further digestion .
 the pylorus   opens  

 Additionally , the southern edge of the Tiergarten was to be redefined , with a new road planned to slice through the built-up area immediately to the north of Columbushaus ( although Columbushaus itself would remain unscathed ) ; this road would line up with Voßstraße , one block to the north of Leipziger Platz .
 a new road   planned  

 The attack failed in this second battle at the Alamein line , better known as the Battle of Alam el Halfa ( commonly but incorrectly Alam Halfa ) ; expecting a counter-attack by Montgomery 's Eighth Army , Panzer Army Africa dug in .
 a counter-attack by Montgomery 's Eighth Army   dug in  

 A distributed version called DSOM allowed objects on different computers to communicate .
 objects on different computers   to communicate  

 However , recently published documents , including a deed of gift dated 11 September 1868 and signed by Archbishop Kallistratos and the monks of the monastery , indicate that the manuscript was acquired entirely legitimately .
 the manuscript   was acquired entirely legitimately  

 This may be because Orangutan can not ensure Orangutan will sire a female 's next offspring because she does not immediately begin ovulating again after her infant dies .
 her infant   dies  

 Johnson later remarked Jack Johnson (boxer) knew the fight was over in the 4th round when Jack Johnson (boxer) landed an uppercut and saw the look on Jeffries face , stating `` Jack Johnson (boxer) knew what that look meant .
 that   meant  

 The latter ( `` Epistulae '' 6:2 ) attributes it to Fisher 's protection that the study of Greek was allowed to proceed at Cambridge without the active molestation that it encountered at Oxford .
 the study of Greek   to proceed  

 When the CD-ROM was introduced , it was logical to also add digital audio to the computer at the same time ( for the same reason , sound cards tended to include a gameport interface for joysticks ) .
 the CD-ROM   was introduced  

 The word kephalos is Greek for `` head '' , perhaps used here because Cephalus was the founding `` head '' of a great family that includes Odysseus .
 The word   kephalos  

 The cathedral has been fortunate in being spared the damage suffered by so many during the Wars of Religion and the Revolution , though the lead roof was removed to make bullets and the Directorate threatened to destroy the building as Chartres Cathedral upkeep , without a roof , had become too onerous .
 the lead roof   was removed  

 One of the most infamous versions of a rush is the `` Zergling rush '' from the real-time strategy game StarCraft ; in fact , the term `` zerging '' has become synonymous with rushing .
 the term   zerging  

 Gaseous nitrogen dioxide has a characteristic red absorption feature , and this gives air polluted with nitrogen dioxide a reddish brown color .
 air   polluted  

 DxO invented the Perceptual MegaPixel ( P-MPix ) to measure the actual MP a camera produces when paired to a particular lens - as opposed to the MP a manufacturer states for a camera product which is based purely upon the camera 's sensor .
 a camera product   is based  

 The term `` Mass media '' was coined with the creation of print media , which is notable for being the first example of Mass media , as we use the term today .
 The term   was coined  

 The estrogen : ER complex binds to specific DNA sequences called a hormone response element to activate the transcription of target genes ( in a study using an estrogen-dependent breast cancer cell line as model , 89 such genes were identified ) .
 89 such genes   were identified  

 The election was flagrantly rigged ; the official tally showed 1,320,748 voted yes to another term for François Duvalier , with none opposed .
 none   opposed  

 After going down to Collingwood by two points in Round 20 at home , the Power faced the highly-fancied , premiership favoured , but injury-decimated arch-rival Adelaide in Round 21 in Showdown XXI .
 premiership   favoured  

 Catalan cuisine is quite diverse , ranging from pork-intensive dishes cooked in the inland part of the region ( Catalonia is one of the main producers of swine products in Spain ) to fish-based recipes along the coast .
 pork-intensive dishes   cooked  

 Locke first speculated , `` truth and knowledge ... are out of observation and experience rather than manipulation of accepted or given ideas `` ( Locke as cited in Hayes , 2007 , p. 2 ) .
 manipulation of   accepted  

 According to Blanchard ( 2009 ) , these adverse events were one of two components of stagflation ; the other was `` ideas '' , which Robert Lucas ( famous for the Lucas Supply Curve ) , Thomas Sargent , and Robert Barro were cited as expressing as `` wildly incorrect '' and `` fundamentally flawed '' predictions of Keynesian economics which , they said , left stagflation to be explained by `` contemporary students of the business cycle '' .
 which Robert Lucas ( famous for the Lucas Supply Curve ) , Thomas Sargent , and Robert Barro   as expressing  

 Marina Tsvetaeva was 19 , he 18 : they fell in love and were married in 1912 , the same year as Marina Tsvetaeva father 's project , the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts , was ceremonially opened , an event attended by Tsar Nicholas II .
 the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts   was ceremonially opened  

 According to Matthias Schramm , Alhazen : was the first to make a systematic use of the method of varying the experimental conditions in a constant and uniform manner , in an experiment showing that the intensity of the light-spot formed by the projection of the moonlight through two small apertures onto a screen diminishes constantly as one of the apertures is gradually blocked up .
 one of the apertures   is gradually blocked up  

 The somewhat confusing terminology seems to be due to attempts to deal with the comparatively fine subdivisions of time possible in the relatively recent geologic past , when more information is preserved .
 more information   is preserved  

 When it was no longer possible to rely on design evolution to improve upon Systems engineering and the existing tools were not sufficient to meet growing demands , new methods began to be developed that addressed the complexity directly .
 new methods   began  

 The ABA ceased to exist with the ABA -- NBA merger in 1976 .
 The ABA   to exist  

 For a period , due to Luís de Camões familial relations Luís de Camões attended the University of Coimbra , although records do not show Luís de Camões registered ( Luís de Camões participated in courses in the Humanities ) .
 registered   Luís de Camões  

 During the Fear Itself storyline , Captain America is present when the threat of the Serpent is known .
 the threat of the Serpent   is known  

 I would like to be quite precise that , as far as I was concerned , the 200-mile limit was valid until 1 May , that is while diplomatic negotiations were taking place and/or until a real act of war took place , and that had happened on 1 May '' .
 I   was concerned  

 Also , ISBNs can vary between countries for the same book if a separate print run or edition was published for the country .
 ISBNs   can vary  

 Meanwhile in 1983 David Lynch had begun the writing and drawing of a comic strip , The Angriest Dog in the World , which featured unchanging graphics of a tethered dog that was so angry that it could not move , alongside cryptic philosophical references .
 it   could not move  

 The IBM System/38 operating system , which introduced many advanced concepts , lives on with IBM 's AS/400 .
 The IBM System/38 operating system   lives on  

 In 2003 , psychiatrist Harbour F. Hodder published what Julius Caesar termed as the `` Caesar Complex '' theory , arguing that Caesar was a sufferer of temporal lobe epilepsy and the debilitating symptoms of the condition were a factor in Caesar 's conscious decision to forgo personal safety in the days leading up to Julius Caesar assassination .
 the days   leading  

 In August 1994 , an official Argentine Defence Ministry report written by armed forces auditor Eugenio Miari was released which described the sinking of the Belgrano as `` a legal act of war '' , explaining that `` acts of war can be carried out in all of the enemy 's territory '' and `` they can also take place in those areas over which no state can claim sovereignty , in international waters '' Argentinian veterans were said to be dismayed at the conclusion about the Belgrano and the President of the Federation of Argentine War Veterans Luis Ibanez hoped to produce more witnesses to show that the sinking was a war crime .
 auditor Eugenio Miari   was released  

 As part of Mel Brooks soundtrack , Mel Brooks , then aged 55 , recorded a rap entitled `` It 's Good to Be the King '' , a parody of Louis XVI and the French Revolution co-written by Pete Wingfield .
 a rap   entitled  

 `` Antinous was from Bithynium , a Bithynian city which we also call Claudiopolis , and Antinous had become Hadrian 's boy-favourite ( paidika ) ; and Antinous died in Egypt , either by falling into the Nile , as Hadrian writes lost , or , as the truth is , having been offered in sacrifice ( hierourgethesis ) .
 Hadrian   lost  

 The bond order of the metal ligand bond can be in part distinguished through the metal ligand bond angle ( M-X-R ) .
 part   distinguished  

 The other natives who had taken refuge in M'rin 's dimension returned as well .
 The other natives who had taken refuge in M'rin 's dimension   returned as well  

 Finn Mac Cool , or Fionn mac Cumhaill , was reputed to have built a stronghold at the Hill of Allen , on the edge of the Bog of Allen , in what was then Leinster .
 Finn Mac Cool , or Fionn mac Cumhaill   was reputed  

 Wherever communities of deaf people exist , sign languages develop .
 communities of deaf people   exist  

 Possible exceptions , Chadwick goes on to explain , include the two diphthongs , ( ai ) and ( au ) , as in Ai-ku-pi-ti-jo for Aiguptios and Au-ke-wa for Augewās .
 Chadwick   goes on to explain  

 The latter architecture has continued to evolve into their current zSeries mainframes which , along with the then Burroughs and Sperry ( now Unisys ) MCP-based and OS1100 mainframes , are among the few mainframe architectures still extant that can trace their roots to this early period .
 The latter architecture   has continued  

 Also , large lumps of lime were found in all five of the cores studied at Caesarea , which shows that the mixture was not mixed thoroughly .
 the mixture   was not mixed thoroughly  

 A simple version of Minimax , stated below , deals with games such as tic-tac-toe , where each player can win , lose , or draw .
 each player   lose  

 The process of selection is carried out in two phases that span a two-year period .
 The process of selection   is carried out  

 The ` head ' is hydrophilic ( attracted to water ) , while the hydrophobic ` tails ' are repelled by water and are forced to aggregate .
 the hydrophobic ` tails   to aggregate  

 Mutations can involve large sections of DNA becoming duplicated , usually through genetic recombination .
 large sections of DNA   becoming duplicated  

 It shows a figure representing , though not resembling , Joshua Reynolds , seated in front of a cascade of prints from which Joshua Reynolds had borrowed with varying degrees of subtlety .
 a figure   representing  

 Although Churchill had promised the French that the British would cover their escape , on the ground it was the French who held the line while the last remaining British were evacuated .
 the last remaining British   were evacuated  

 Also , the new trees planted are not as big as the trees that were cut down , and the argument that there will be `` more trees '' is not compelling to forestry advocates when Recycling are counting saplings .
 the trees   were cut down  

 Aconitase is one of several iron-sulfur containing ( de ) hydratases in metabolic pathways shown to be inactivated by superoxide .
 metabolic pathways   shown  

 The molar volume of a substance can be found by measuring Molar volume molar mass and density then applying the relationFor ideal gases , the molar volume is given by the ideal gas equation : this is a good approximation for many common gases at standard temperature and pressure .
 The molar volume of a substance   can be found  

 The industrial sector is the largest component of GDP at 58.4 % , followed by the services sector at 30.2 % ( 2004 est. ) .
 the largest component of GDP at 58.4 %   followed  

 Large as these sums are , the scientific seal of approval would be worth far more to anyone whose claims could be authenticated .
 anyone   could be authenticated  

 Orthodox Judaism holds that on Mount Sinai the Written Law was transmitted along with an Oral Law .
 the Written Law   was transmitted  

 Today the authority of China 's leaders is much more tied to Politics of the People's Republic of China institutional base .
 the authority of China 's leaders   much more tied  

 This is particularly true for very massive O and B class stars , where 80 % of Star are believed to be part of multiple-star systems .
 80 % of Star   are believed  

 A cover version of `` Rooms for the Memory '' , a song by Whirlywirld ( a post punk band that included Ollie Olsen ) , was released as a solo single .
 A cover version of `` Rooms for the Memory   was released  

 Gunports cut in the hull of ships had been introduced as early as 1501 , only about a decade before Mary Rose was built .
 Mary Rose   was built  

 John Major wrote that John Major took a stern line against financial impropriety , but was angered at the way in which a host of scandals , many of them petty sexual misdemeanours by a small number of MPs , were exploited by the press and Opposition for political advantage .
 John Major   was angered  

 John Ortberg interprets this phrase as follows : `` Many people think our job is to get my afterlife destination taken care of , then tread water till we all get ejected and God comes back and torches this place .
 we   ejected  

 The parameters of the model are calculated ( `` identified '' ) while the controller Control theory is running : in this way , if a drastic variation of the parameters ensues ( for example , if the robot 's arm releases a weight ) , the controller will adjust Control theory consequently in order to ensure the correct performance .
 The parameters of the model   are calculated  

 When the Soviets withdrew , Afghan army garrisons took over their positions .
 the Soviets   withdrew  

 However Cauchy 's theorem does not claim the existence of such a tangent in all cases where ( f ( a ) , g ( a ) ) and ( f ( b ) , g ( b ) ) are distinct points , since Mean value theorem might be satisfied only for some value c with , in other words a value for which the mentioned curve is stationary ; in such points no tangent to the curve is likely to be defined at all .
 c with , in other words a value for which the mentioned curve is stationary   to be defined at all  

 The retreat of the Ottoman army from Macedonia (region) succeeded the desperate effort of the Greek and Bulgarian forces to reach the city of Thessalonica , the `` single prize of the first Balkan War '' for whose status no prior agreements were done .
 no prior agreements   were done  

 A significant proportion of those informing were members of the SED ; to employ some form of blackmail , however , was not uncommon .
 those   informing  

 The principle , in Calvin 's words , is that `` All are not created on equal terms , but some are preordained to eternal life , others to eternal damnation ; and , accordingly , as each has been created for one or other of these ends , we say that John Calvin has been predestinated to life or to death '' .
 All   are not created  

 The Codex has , `` We must do the works of him who sent us in place of other manuscripts ' ` sent me ' while Codex Sinaiticus is day ; night comes , when no man can work '' .
 no man   can work  

 While Penck and Davis and their followers were writing and studying primarily in Western Europe , another , largely separate , school of geomorphology was developed in the United States in the middle years of the 20th century .
 Penck and Davis and their followers   were writing  

 Elms have been able to survive and to reproduce in areas where the disease had eliminated old trees , although most of these young elms eventually succumb to the disease at a relatively young age .
 Elms   to survive  

 Superoxide dismutase is known to reverse fibrosis , perhaps through reversion of myofibroblasts back to fibroblasts .
 Superoxide dismutase   is known  

 The primary goal , which is pursued in several distinct ways , is to find and understand what Particle physics may lie beyond the standard model .
 The primary goal   is pursued  

 Among the most prominent people killed were Benedicto Kiwanuka , the former Prime Minister and Chief Justice ; Janani Luwum , the Anglican archbishop ; Joseph Mubiru , the former governor of the Central Bank ; Frank Kalimuzo , the vice chancellor of Makerere University ; Byron Kawadwa , a prominent playwright ; and two of Amin 's own cabinet ministers , Erinayo Wilson Oryema and Charles Oboth Ofumbi .
 the most prominent people   killed  

 Lang ( 1960 ) notes that the connection of the Buddhist Yuzasaf with Kashmir in part results from a printing error in the Bombay Arabic edition referencing the legend of the Wisdom of Balahvar which makes its hero prince Yuzasaf die in `` Kashmir '' ( Arabic : كشمير ) by confusion with Kushinara ( Pali : كوشينر ) , the traditional place of the original Buddha 's death .
 Lang ( 1960   notes  

 This Velcro was found to be flammable in a high-pressure 100 % oxygen environment .
 This Velcro   was found  

 There he founded a bank , which in December 1718 became the Banque Royale , national bank of France , while Law himself was granted sweeping powers to control the economy of France , which operated largely by Royal decree .
 sweeping powers to control the economy of France   operated largely  

 Since a Julian year ( 365.25 days ) is slightly longer than an actual year the calendar drifted with respect to the equinox , such that the equinox was occurring on about 21 March in AD 300 and by AD 1500 Equinox had reached 11 March .
 the calendar   drifted  

 One of the commonly voiced concerns about complementary alternative medicine ( CAM ) is the manner in which is regulated .
 the manner   is regulated  

 The target software is built with special options or libraries and/or run under a special environment such that every function that is exercised ( executed ) in the program ( s ) is mapped back to the function points in the source code .
 every function   executed  

 Kato described the character creation process : `` Take Pierre , for example : we started off by saying we wanted a wacko fake hero like Tata from Trigger .
 we   started off  

 The most renowned of these was that of Hammurabi , as mentioned above , who was posthumously famous for his set of laws , the Code of Hammurabi ( created c. 1780 BC ) , which is one of the earliest sets of laws found and one of the best preserved examples of this type of document from Mesopotamia .
 the Code of Hammurabi   found  

 Motto is a short , suggestive expression of a guiding principle for the written material that follows .
 the written material   follows  

 The case went on for two years before Cabell and James Branch Cabell publisher , Robert M. McBride , won : the `` indecencies '' were double entendres that also had a perfectly decent interpretation , though it appeared that what had actually offended the prosecution most was a joke about papal infallibility .
 Robert M. McBride   won  

 Massive archives of texts were recovered from the archaeological contexts of Old Babylonian scribal schools , through which literacy was disseminated .
 literacy   was disseminated  

 As Common chimpanzee other than Homo sapiens has survived from the human line of that branching , both chimpanzee species are the closest living relatives of humans .
 Common   chimpanzee other  

 Peter Paul Rubens shows the moment when the horrified Scylla first begins to change , under the gaze of Glaucus ( c. 1636 ) , while Eglon van der Neer 's 1695 painting in the Rijksmuseum shows Circe poisoning Scylla as Scylla prepares to bathe .
 the horrified Scylla   to change  

 After Bucky was shot and wounded in a 1948 Captain America story , he was succeeded by Captain America girlfriend , Betsy Ross , who became the superheroine Golden Girl .
 Bucky   was shot  

 Generation Data Groups ( GDGs ) were originally designed to support grandfather-father-son backup procedures - if a file was modified , the changed version became the new `` son '' , the previous `` son '' became the `` father '' , the previous `` father '' became the `` grandfather '' and the previous `` grandfather '' was deleted .
 the `` grandfather '' and the previous `` grandfather   was deleted  

 When more transmitters ( or more receivers ) are used , again spatially separated , Sonar is multistatic operation .
 more transmitters ( or more receivers   are used  

 The government in early 2012 called for a national FttH network to be built , with a minimum broadband service being upgraded from 4Mbit/s to 100Mbit/s .
 a national FttH network   to be built  

 Scientific evidence continued to mount in the 1980s , which prompted political action against Tobacco smoking .
 Scientific evidence   continued  

 The Codex has , `` We must do the works of him who sent us in place of other manuscripts ' ` sent me ' while Codex Sinaiticus is day ; night comes , when no man can work '' .
 The Codex   has  

 The exception to this is when the CF device is connected to a 44-pin ATA bus designed for 2.5 '' hard disks , commonly found in notebook computers , as this bus implementation must provide power to a standard hard disk drive .
 the CF device   is connected  

 Michael Ventris father , Edward Francis Vereker Ventris , reached the rank of Lieutenant Colonel in the Indian Army ; Michael Ventris might have gone further had Michael Ventris not contracted tuberculosis and retired .
 Michael Ventris   retired  

 Lucius Afranius (poet) depicted , however , Roman life with such accuracy that Lucius Afranius (poet) is classed with Menander , from whom indeed Lucius Afranius (poet) borrowed largely .
 indeed Lucius Afranius   borrowed largely  

 A similar system is believed to have been operated by the Soviet Union .
 A similar system   is believed  

 Satire is a genre of literature , and sometimes graphic and performing arts , in which vices , follies , abuses , and shortcomings are held up to ridicule , ideally with the intent of shaming individuals , and society itself , into improvement .
 vices , follies , abuses , and shortcomings   are held up  

 Many facts surrounding Natalie Wood drowning are unknown , as no one admitted seeing how Natalie Wood entered the water .
 Many facts surrounding Natalie Wood   drowning  

 `` If you flew wisely , Curtiss P-40 Warhawk was a very capable aircraft .
 you   flew wisely  

 Cypriniformes is thought to have originated in south-east Asia , where the most diversity of this group is found today .
 Cypriniformes   is thought  

 Because of the importance of facial expression in the process of interactive signaling , Neoteny features , such as hair loss , allow for more efficient and rapid communication of socially important messages that are based on facially expressive emotional signaling .
 Neoteny   features  

 In a conventional aircraft , the center of gravity is ahead of the center of lift of the main wing , which would cause the aircraft to pitch forward without the downward force of Tailplane to balance this .
 the aircraft   to pitch forward  

 According to producer Deeley , orchestrated lobbying against The Deer Hunter was led by Warren Beatty , whose own picture Heaven Can Wait had multiple nominations .
 Heaven   Can Wait  

 Enrico Mattei used to say of political parties : `` Enrico Mattei use them like Enrico Mattei would use a taxi : Enrico Mattei sit in , Enrico Mattei pay for the trip , Enrico Mattei get out '' .
 Enrico Mattei   to say  

 This created a nationalist uproar that died down when Benn stated that the suffixed ` e ' represented `` Excellence , England , Europe and Entente ( Cordiale ) '' .
 the suffixed ` e   represented  

 During the Blackest Night event , when word got out that apparently everyone around the world who have died are rising as undead Black Lanterns , Lex Luthor isolates himself in his safehouse in fear that all the people he had murdered over the years would also reanimate and seek revenge on him .
 apparently everyone around the world   have died  

 The cutting was planted , cuttings were then taken from Ulmus americana , including one planted on February 18 , 1932 , the 200th anniversary of the birth of George Washington , for whom Washington state is named .
 The cutting   was planted  

 Because the house is assumed to have been thoroughly cleaned by the night before Passover , there is some concern that making a blessing over the search for chametz will be for naught ( bracha l'vatala ) if nothing is found .
 nothing   is found  

 For the 2013-14 season Conference USA invited five new members to join Conference USA , with all accepting .
 all   accepting  

 Another consequence of this principle is that only those penalties that had already been established for the offence in the time when Nullum crimen, nulla poena sine praevia lege poenali was committed can be imposed .
 nulla poena sine praevia lege poenali   can be imposed  

 Nieuwe Waterweg is marked with two navigation light-towers called the Paddestoelen ( `` mushrooms '' ) .
 Nieuwe Waterweg   is marked  

 Evidence cited includes the fact that some samples exhibit encapsulated insects , a feature readily explained by the presence of a viscous resin .
 Evidence   cited  

 Septuagint should not be confused with the seven or more other Greek versions of the Old Testament , most of which did not survive except as fragments ( some parts of these being known from Origen 's Hexapla , a comparison of six translations in adjacent columns , now almost wholly lost ) .
 most of which   did not survive  

 The famous Chinese mathematician and astronomer Zu Chongzhi ( 429 -- 500 ) belonged to this age , an intellectual and social product of the elite culture shaped and developed in southern China during this period of time .
 the elite culture   shaped  

 The various MP3-related patents expire on dates ranging from 2007 to 2017 in the U.S. Patents filed for anything disclosed in ISO CD 11172 a year or more after MP3 publication are questionable ; if only the known MP3 patents filed by December 1992 are considered , then MP3 decoding may be patent-free in the US by September 2015 when expires which had a PCT filing in Oct 1992 .
 only the known MP3 patents filed by December 1992   are considered  

 's Gazette published a type-in program that exploited this difference by using a raster interrupt to enable fast mode when the bottom of the visible screen was reached , and then disable Commodore 128 when screen rendering began again at the top .
 the bottom of the visible screen   was reached  

 Nevertheless E. T. A. Hoffmann remembered E. T. A. Hoffmann aunts with great affection , especially the younger , Charlotte , whom E. T. A. Hoffmann nicknamed Tante Füßchen ( `` Aunt Littlefeet '' ) .
 E. T. A. Hoffmann   aunts  

 While this flow of electrons occurs , the solid characteristic of Metal is produced by electrostatic interactions between each atom and the electron cloud .
 this flow of electrons   occurs  

 Epigram became a literary genre in the Hellenistic period , probably developing out of scholarly collections of inscriptional epigrams .
 Epigram   probably developing  

 The Qu ` ran requires every able-bodied Muslim who can afford History of Saudi Arabia , as one of the five pillars of Islam , to make a pilgrimage , or Hajj , to Mecca during the Islamic month of Dhu al-Hijjah at least once in his or her lifetime .
 The Qu   ran  

 Often if the settings are entered incorrectly the connection will not be dropped ; however , any data sent will be received on the other end as nonsense .
 any data   sent  

 The standardization for the means by which cases are brought , parties are informed , evidence is presented , and facts are determined is intended to maximize the fairness of any proceeding .
 facts   are determined  

 The oldest know female Shamanism grave in Shamanism is located in the Czech Republic at Dolni Vestonice ( National Geographic No 174 October 1988 .
 oldest   know  

 In the Tanakh ( Hebrew Bible ) a messiah ( or mashiach ) is a king or High Priest traditionally anointed with holy anointing oil .
 a king or High Priest   traditionally anointed  

 Protests from environmental groups and residents over the construction of part of a runway at Camp Schwab , and from businessmen and politicians around Futenma and Henoko , have occurred .
 Protests from environmental groups and residents over the construction of part of a runway at Camp Schwab , and from businessmen and politicians around Futenma and Henoko   have occurred  

 The distribution of the sum of weights is approximately Gaussian , with a peak at 1,000,000 N and width , so that when 2N − 1 is approximately equal to the transition occurs .
 the transition   occurs  

 Aulus Gellius ( ca. 125 -- after 180 AD ) was a Latin author and grammarian , who was probably born and certainly brought up in Rome .
 a Latin author and grammarian   was probably born  

 What Joseph Conrad brief landfalls could not provide was a thorough understanding of exotic cultures .
 Joseph Conrad brief landfalls   could not provide  

 According to Grove Music Online , the term `` pop music '' `` originated in Britain in the mid-1950s as a description for rock and roll and the new youth music styles that Pop music influenced ... '' .
 music   influenced  

 In fact , the army had stipulated a laden weight of 950 kg including four battle-dressed troops , which meant that the vehicle Volkswagen Kübelwagen should not weigh more than 550 kg .
 four battle-dressed troops   meant  

 Telia held very high interconnection charges , making Telecommunications in Sweden very difficult for new entrants to enter .
 new entrants   to enter  

 Swedish Christian power metal band The Chronicles of Narnia , whose songs are mainly about The Chronicles of Narnia or the Bible , feature Aslan on all their album covers .
 The Chronicles of Narnia , whose songs are mainly about The Chronicles of Narnia or the Bible , feature Aslan on all their album   covers  

 The objective here is twofold : the re-raiser hopes to pick up both the blinds and antes and the original raiser 's chips when the raiser folds , and he also hopes to keep that player from constantly raising before she or he can act because that cuts down on the reraiser 's own stealing opportunities .
 the raiser   folds  

 Each blade 's pitch and thickness varies with radius , early blades had a flat face and an arced back ( sometimes called a circular back as the arc was part of a circle ) , modern propeller blades have aerofoil sections .
 Each blade 's pitch and thickness   varies  

 Economy of Malaysia however rebounded to grow by 5.6 % in 1999 .
 Economy of Malaysia   rebounded  

 The beliefs behind the lack of maintenance vary among individuals , but generally it is believed that the deterioration of Totem pole is representative of natural processes of decay and death that occur with all living things , and attempts to prevent this are seen as somehow denying or ignoring the nature of the world .
 natural processes of decay and death   occur  

 In 1836 , Ripon was the first of a number of new dioceses to be created .
 new dioceses   to be created  

 Many experts , including Margaret Rule , the project leader for the raising of the Mary Rose , have assumed that Mary Rose meant a complete rebuilding from clinker planking to carvel planking , and that Mary Rose was only after 1536 that the ship took on the form that Mary Rose had when it sank and that was eventually recovered in the 20th century .
 it   sank  

 In this sense , Frame of reference allows study of the effect of motion upon an entire family of coordinate systems that could be attached to this frame .
 coordinate systems   could be attached  

 Charles accompanied them on their journey but , not wanting to take part in the campaign personally , got Olivier de Mauny to stage an ambush in which Charles was ` captured ' and held until the reconquest of Castile was over .
 Charles   captured  

 Some historians argue that the award caused Britain to incur disproportionate losses in defending Malta , as British credibility would have suffered if Malta surrendered , as Singapore had .
 Malta   surrendered  

 When Judge Pro rejected the government 's argument , President Bill Clinton issued a Presidential Determination , exempting what it called , `` The Air Force 's Operating Location Near Groom Lake , Nevada '' from environmental disclosure laws .
 it   called  

 Any fish passing into the net can also be seen , allowing fine adjustments to be made to catch the most fish possible .
 Any fish passing into the net   can also be seen  

 The beginning of this change in the novel 's perception had Uncle Tom's Cabin roots in an essay by James Baldwin titled `` Everybody 's Protest Novel '' .
 an essay by James Baldwin   titled  

 Indeed , when 19th-century composers revived the modes , Musical mode rendered them more strictly than Renaissance composers had , to make their qualities distinct from the prevailing major-minor system .
 Renaissance composers   had  

 `` The Caesars ' house in Rome , the Palatium , received in a shorter space of time no less than four Emperors , '' Plutarch writes , `` passing , as it were , across the stage , and one making room for another to enter '' ( Galba 1 ) .
 another   to enter  

 Progressive education is a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or where certain habits are to be formed '' ( Dewey , 1897 , para .
 certain lessons   to be learned  

 Martin Luther 's 95 Theses were printed and circulated widely ; subsequently Johannes Gutenberg issued broadsheets outlining Johannes Gutenberg anti-indulgences position ( certificates of indulgences were one of the first items Gutenberg had printed ) .
 Martin Luther 's 95 Theses   were printed  

 Other genes that are often mutated or amplified are c-MET , NKX2-1 , LKB1 , PIK3CA , and BRAF .
 Other genes   amplified  

 Ealdred (bishop) is one of a few native Englishmen who William appears to have trusted .
 a few native Englishmen   to have trusted  

 A death certificate of the Borough of Manhattan reveals that he died , aged seven months , on 17 July 1886 , of ` entero-colitis , ' with ` asthenia ' contributing , i.e. probably a victim of influenza .
 asthenia   contributing  

 Grimm 's law was the first non-trivial systematic sound change to be discovered .
 the first non-trivial systematic sound change   to be discovered  

 The poem is made up of 18 stanzas of six lines each .
 The poem   is made up  

 These theories , championed by the likes of Noam Chomsky and others , include innatism and Psychological nativism , in which a child is born prepared in some manner with these capacities , as opposed to other theories in which language is simply learned as other cognitive skills , including such mundane motor skills as learning to ride a bike .
 a child   is born  

 The game was marred with supporter trouble which resulted in 11 arrests and saw an area of seating in the Arkell 's Stand damaged , with the Western Daily Press reporting -- `` the incident ... ended with damage to 60 seats after they were used as missiles between opposing fans '' .
 an area of seating in the Arkell 's Stand   damaged  

 In the coast regions the typical tree is the mangrove , which flourishes wherever the soil is of a swamp character .
 the mangrove   flourishes  

 Another important aspect to Oaxacan cuisine is chocolate , generally consumed as a beverage .
 chocolate   generally consumed  

 The retention of long skirts and vestments among many ranks of contemporary priests when Priest officiate may be interpreted to express the ancient traditions of the cultures from which Priest religious practices arose .
 the cultures   arose  

 Dynamic parallax has sometimes also been used to determine the distance to a supernova , when the optical wave front of the outburst is seen to propagate through the surrounding dust clouds at an apparent angular velocity , while Parallax true propagation velocity is known to be the speed of light .
 the optical wave front of the outburst   to propagate  

 A classic example of this is the `` Dead Parrot '' sketch , envisaged by John Cleese as a satire on poor customer service , which was originally to have involved a broken toaster and later a broken car ( this version was actually performed and broadcast on the pre-Python special How To Irritate People ) .
 this version   was actually performed  

 A truce with England during the following few months left Joan of Arc with little to do .
 little   to do  

 Slavic influence in the region strengthened along with the rise of this state , which incorporated the entire region to History of the Republic of Macedonia domain in AD 837 .
 Slavic influence in the region   strengthened along  

 Freud 's description of subjective states , involving an unconscious mind full of primal impulses , and counterbalancing self-imposed restrictions , was combined by Carl Jung ( 1875 -- 1961 ) with the idea of the collective unconscious , with which the conscious mind fought or embraced .
 the conscious mind   fought  

 The gallantry displayed must have taken place while in action against an enemy of the United States , while engaged in military operations involving conflict with an opposing foreign force , or while serving with friendly foreign forces engaged in an armed conflict against an opposing armed force in which the United States is not a belligerent party .
 The gallantry   displayed  

 Another resource ( free as in free beer , not as in free speech ) is the HTK book ( and the accompanying HTK toolkit ) .
 the accompanying HTK   toolkit  

 The only remaining asset kept was the PGP E-Business Server ( the original PGP Commandline version ) .
 The only remaining asset   kept  

 Sail generally weighs around 100 gram/m ² and a rough-weather sail/try-out weighs around 500 gram/m ² although modern laminated sails can weigh considerably less than this depending on the fibres specified .
 the fibres   specified  

 Clairvoyance is very different from telepathy in that the information is said to be gained directly from an external physical source , rather than being transferred from the mind of one individual to another .
 the information   is said  

 ( Water can flow uphill if Esker is under pressure in an enclosed pipe , such as a natural tunnel in ice ) .
 Water   can flow uphill  

 Knitting can be accomplished by machine , while many crochet stitches can only be crafted by hand .
 Knitting   can be accomplished  

 The history of Potsdamer Platz can probably be traced back to 29 October 1685 , when the Tolerance Edict of Potsdam was signed , whereby Frederick William , Elector of Brandenburg-Prussia from 1640 to 1688 , allowed large numbers of religious refugees , including Jews from Austria and Huguenots expelled from France , to settle on his territory .
 The history of Potsdamer Platz   can probably be traced back  

 The 2005 season saw club legend John Cahill return to coach the Magpies for a year , leading the club to finish in third position .
 the club   to finish  

 The region was one of the four riverine civilizations where writing was invented ( it being the first ) , along with the Nile valley in Egypt , the Indus Valley in the Indian subcontinent , and Yellow River valley in China ( although writing is also known to have arisen independently in Mesoamerica ) .
 one of the four riverine civilizations   was invented  

 Larvae tend to feed voraciously once Beetle emerge from Beetle eggs .
 Larvae   to feed voraciously  

 Railroads , where strategically important to the regime the coup is against , are prime targets for sabotage - if a section of the track is damaged entire portions of the transportation network can be stopped until Sabotage is fixed .
 a section of the track   is damaged  

 Such advertisements are considered obvious examples of `` covert '' propaganda because Propaganda take on the appearance of objective information rather than the appearance of propaganda , which is misleading .
 propaganda   is misleading  

 Only later was Apostolic succession given a different meaning , a process in which Augustine ( Bp of Hippo Regis , 395-430 ) played a part by emphasising the idea of `` the link from consecrator to consecrated whereby the grace of order was handed on '' .
 the grace of order   was handed on  

 Then her husband thought , `` That 's what they 'll say of Walter Scott ; '' so Walter Scott went and got one of those books ... Scott 's feeling for straight forward simple things , these fishermen , the poor old crazed creature in Mucklebackit 's cottage in The Antiquary made Walter Scott feel so vigorous , so relieved of something that Walter Scott felt roused and triumphant and could not choke back Walter Scott tears ... It fortified Walter Scott .
 Walter Scott   went  

 The most important of Pope Innocent X doctrinal decisions was Pope Innocent X condemnation of five disputed Jansenist propositions , in Pope Innocent X Papal Bull , Cum occasione issued , 31 May 1653 .
 Cum occasione   issued  

 The French were former Allies of the U.S. and the American troops were instructed not to fire unless they were fired upon .
 they   were fired  

 Highly efficient fluorescent proteins such as the green fluorescent protein ( GFP ) have been developed using the molecular biology technique of gene fusion , a process that links the expression of the fluorescent compound to that of the target protein .
 Highly efficient fluorescent proteins such as the green fluorescent protein   have been developed  

 Stenton offers a summary of the earliest account of Edward 's murder , which comes from a work praising the life of Saint Oswald of Worcester : `` On the surface Æthelred the Unready Edward 's relations with Æthelred Æthelred the Unready half-brother and Ælfthryth Æthelred the Unready stepmother were friendly , and Æthelred the Unready was visiting them informally when Æthelred the Unready was killed .
 Æthelred   was killed  

 Between the Paleogene and the Neogene is when today 's beetles developed .
 today 's beetles   developed  

 But as information leaked out , and images of air strikes were published , the local population began to fear the potential for retaliation .
 images of air strikes   were published  

 Many geologist however do not agree on how to separate the triangle parts into the single components so that the framework grains can be plotted .
 the framework grains   can be plotted  

 Though small , this advantage appears to have been enough to drive natural selection in favour of a prime-numbered life-cycle for these insects .
 this advantage   appears  

 Linear B has characters that are `` of a free , upright , European character '' and `` seem to have been for the most part syllabic '' .
 characters that are `` of a free , upright , European character '' and   seem  

 Groucho was unavailable to film the scene in which the Beaugard painting is stolen , so the script was contrived to include a power failure which allowed Zeppo to play the Spaulding part in near-darkness .
 the script   was contrived  

 As the cabin depressurized , the convective rush of air caused the flames to spread rapidly , beginning the second phase .
 the flames   to spread rapidly  

 Tamir Sorek , a sociologist , submits that , `` Although a distinct Palestinian identity can be traced back at least to the middle of the nineteenth century ( Kimmerling and Migdal 1993 ; Khalidi 1997b ) , or even to the seventeenth century ( Gerber 1998 ) , it was not until after World War I that a broad range of optional political affiliations became relevant for the Arabs of Palestine '' .
 a distinct Palestinian identity   can be traced back  

 On 28 October 1989 , the Muslims of Mannar were ordered to leave , by the LTTE .
 the Muslims of Mannar   to leave  

 Two distinct still frames flash between the ground crew scene and Hindenburg disaster newsreel footage ; these appear to be from Hindenburg disaster newsreel footage .
 these   appear  

 Testing by the NTSB and the British Defence Evaluation and Research Agency demonstrated that when metal of the same type and thickness of the CWT was penetrated by a small charge , there was petalling of the surface where the charge was placed , pitting on the adjacent surfaces , and visible hot gas washing damage in the surrounding area .
 the charge   was placed  

 Saint Publius is said to have been made Malta first bishop and a grotto in Rabat , now known as `` St Paul 's Grotto '' ( and in the vicinity of which evidence of Christian burials and rituals from the 3rd century AD has been found ) , is among the earliest known places of Christian worship on the island .
 Saint Publius   is said  

 In October 2011 , the government declared that an area covering nearly of ocean shall be reserved as a shark sanctuary .
 an area   covering  

 Ogden Nash wrote humorous poems for each movement of the Camille Saint-Saëns orchestral suite The Carnival of the Animals , which are sometimes recited when the work is performed .
 the work   is performed  

 Kevin survived , thanks to the timely intervention of the orphaned sabretooth tiger later known as Zabu .
 Kevin   survived  

 An attacker 's army was poorly served incurring the high casualties that a direct assault on a fortress would entail .
 An attacker 's army   was poorly served  

 A color print on paper could be produced by superimposing carbon prints of the three images made in their complementary colors , a subtractive method of color reproduction pioneered by Louis Ducos du Hauron in the late 1860s .
 A color print on paper   could be produced  

 Once life had appeared , the process of evolution by natural selection resulted in the development of ever-more diverse life forms .
 life   had appeared  

 When the card is found , everyone assumes the unrecognizable body is Sullivan 's .
 the card   is found  

 Strophe ( ; Greek , turn , bend , twist , see also phrase ) is a concept in versification which properly means a turn , as from one foot to another , or from one side of a chorus to the other .
 Greek   turn  

 A variation of ego psychology , termed `` modern conflict theory '' , is more broadly an update and revision of structural theory ( Freud , 1923 , 1926 ) ; Psychoanalysis does away with some of structural theory 's more arcane features , such as where repressed thoughts are stored .
 repressed thoughts   are stored  

 Maurice Richard was later promoted to Companion of the order in 1998 , the same year Maurice Richard was ranked number five on The Hockey News list of the 100 Greatest Hockey Players , the highest-ranking Montreal Canadien .
 Maurice Richard   was ranked  

 The latter occurs not only in plants but also in animals when the energy from plants gets passed through a food chain .
 The latter   occurs  

 Trudeau announced Pierre Trudeau intention to resign as Liberal Party leader ; however , before a leadership convention could be held , Clark 's government was defeated in the Canadian House of Commons by a Motion of Non-Confidence , in mid-December 1979 .
 a leadership convention   could be held  

 The nominative case ( abbreviated ) is one of the grammatical cases of a noun or other part of speech , which generally marks the subject of a verb or the predicate noun or predicate adjective , as opposed to Nominative case object or other verb arguments .
 The nominative case   abbreviated  

 Mitochondria and chloroplasts , which have double-membranes and their own DNA , are believed to have originated from incompletely consumed or invading prokaryotic organisms , which were adopted as a part of Organelle .
 Mitochondria and chloroplasts   are believed  

 After one such segment , with Kermit in Time Square , co-host Ryan Seacrest thanked The Muppets pal `` Kerms '' for the help bringing in ' 08 .
 one such segment , with Kermit in Time Square   co-host  

 Research funding that is based on the ability of investigators to produce experimental demonstrations that link to abstract models and guide long-term vision is most appropriate to achieve this goal '' .
 experimental demonstrations   link  

 Although a third for of a second remains in some languages , for example Polish ( tercja ) and Turkish ( salise ) , the modern second is subdivided decimally .
 the modern second   is subdivided decimally  

 With the arrival of Governor Cesare Maria De Vecchi on 15 December 1923 , things began to change for that part of Somaliland known as Italian Somaliland .
 things   began  

 Afterwards , Ali Hakim decides to leave the territory and bids Ado Annie goodbye after telling her Will is the man she should marry .
 she   should marry  

 The issue-led episodes served to develop the main characters , so that `` Something Terrible '' is more `` about Colin 's redemption from selfish capitalist , rather than Cindy 's abuse '' .
 Something Terrible   is  

 In 1992 , following a declassification ruling by the German government , the Stasi files were opened , leading people to look for their files .
 a declassification   ruling  

 Hafez al-Assad health also started to deteriorate during this period .
 Hafez al-Assad health   also started  

 After Pythagoras travels , Pythagoras moved ( around 530 BC ) to Croton , in Italy ( Magna Graecia ) .
 Pythagoras   travels  

 Controversy struck swiftly , with PRC Foreign Ministry spokesperson Zhang Qiyue accusing Lee Junior of `` hurting the feelings of 1.3 billion Chinese '' .
 Controversy   struck swiftly  

 When he died she sprinkled the blood with nectar , from which sprang the short-lived anemone , which takes Adonis name from the wind which so easily makes Adonis petals fall .
 Adonis petals   fall  

 Tchaikovsky became attached to the young woman and her affection for Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky is said to have provided a counter to Tchaikovsky 's mother , who has been described as a cold , unhappy , distant parent , although others assert that the mother doted on her son .
 Tchaikovsky   attached  

 As carbon dioxide concentrations rise , the rate at which sugars are made by the light-independent reactions increases until limited by other factors .
 carbon dioxide concentrations   rise  

 Before the revelation of Sheldon 's identity , James Tiptree, Jr. was often referred to as an unusually macho male ( see , e.g. , Robert Silverberg 's commentaries ) as well as an unusually feminist science fiction writer ( for a male ) -- particularly for `` The Women Men Do n't See '' , a story of two women who go looking for aliens to escape from male-dominated society on Earth .
 The Women Men Do n't See '' ,   looking  

 Dikes along the Fraser River are regulated to handle about 8.5 m at the Mission Gauge ( the height above sea level of the dykes at Mission ) .
 Dikes along the Fraser River   are regulated  

 A later appeal saw Swindon Town F.C. being allowed to stay in the Second Division .
 Swindon Town F.C.   being allowed  

 Charles II from his vantage point on top of Worcester cathedral 's tower realised that an opportunity existed to attack the now-exposed eastern flank of the Parliamentary army .
 an opportunity   existed  

 The character of John , a career-driven photographer ( Giovanni Ribisi ) in Coppola 's Lost In Translation ( 2003 ) , was rumored to be based on Spike Jonze , though Coppola has vehemently denied this .
 The character of John   was rumored  

 In such cases , a structural formula is useful , as Chemical formula illustrates which atoms are bonded to which other ones .
 which atoms   are bonded  

 By 1850 , Parliament had enacted several statutes on a case-by-case basis to deal with issues regularly faced by certain types of organizations , like joint-stock companies , and with the impetus for most types of group litigation removed , Class action went into a steep decline in English jurisprudence from which Class action never recovered .
 the impetus for most types of group litigation   removed  

 The Constitution of Malta declares Roman Catholicism as the state religion although entrenched provisions for the freedom of religion are made .
 entrenched provisions for the freedom of religion   are made  

 The typical defensive shot is taken at very close ranges , at which the shot charge expands no more than a few centimeters .
 the shot charge   expands no more  

 The minimum requirements for general registration in psychology and to use the title ` psychologist ' is an APAC approved four year degree sequence in psychology followed by either : ( 1 ) a two year masters program or ( 2 ) two years supervised by a registered psychologist.None Endorsement within a specific area of practice ( e.g.
 an APAC approved four year degree sequence in psychology   followed  

 Of all non-student Singaporeans aged 15 and above , 18 % have no education qualifications at all while 45 % have the Primary School Leaving Examination as their highest qualification .
 all non-student Singaporeans   aged  

 The modern Macrobiotic diet approach suggests choosing food that is less processed .
 food   processed  

 The evaporative emissions control system also includes a sealed gas cap to prevent vapors from escaping via the fuel filler tube .
 vapors   from escaping  

 It is diminished ( i.e. narrowed ) because Tritone is smaller than most of the fifths found in the scale ( Tritone are perfect fifths ) .
 It   i.e. narrowed  

 The year which followed has been called `` Alfred the Great year of battles '' .
 The year   followed  

 Expansion to the east and west proceeded , and the whole eastern section , 250 mi from Brockport to Albany , opened on September 10 , 1823 to great fanfare .
 Expansion to the east and west   proceeded  

 It is known that the `` Fianna '' tales and the like were known , with the Manx ballad Fin as Oshin commemorating Finn MacCool and Ossian .
 It   is known  

 Frank Harris appeared as a character in the play Oscar Wilde , written by Leslie & Sewell Stokes , at the Fulton Theatre , New York , 1938 , starring Robert Morley in the title role .
 Frank Harris   appeared  

 North and South America were disconnected until about three million years ago , when the Isthmus of Panama formed .
 the Isthmus of Panama   formed  

 For example , Mohe County , Heilongjiang has a 24-hour average temperature in January approaching , while the corresponding figure in July exceeds .
 a 24-hour average temperature in January   approaching  

 For example , café and pâté both have a pronounced final e , which would otherwise be silent under the normal English pronunciation rules .
 café   pâté  

 John Lee Hooker vocal phrasing was less closely tied to specific bars than most blues singers .
 John Lee Hooker vocal phrasing   less closely tied  

 As the Supreme Court justices who unanimously decided Reynolds in 1878 understood , marriage is also about sustaining the conditions in which freedom can thrive .
 the Supreme Court justices   understood  

 Because traits held to be due to sexual selection often conflict with the survival fitness of the individual , the question then arises as to why , in nature , in which survival of the fittest is considered the rule of thumb , such apparent liabilities are allowed to persist .
 such apparent liabilities   to persist  

 Ultimately , the matter was settled between the Union of India and Union Carbide ( in a settlement overseen by the Supreme Court of India ) for a sum of as a complete settlement of all claims of all victims for all time to come .
 all time   to come  

 The vertical order of images is widely believed to be a significant representation of importance .
 The vertical order of images   is widely believed  

 Amdahl's law does represent the law of diminishing returns if you are considering what sort of return you get by adding more processors to a machine , if you are running a fixed-size computation that will use all available processors to their capacity .
 you   get  

 Coordination polymerization is the most pervasive technology , which means that metal chlorides or metal oxides are used .
 metal chlorides or metal oxides   are used  

 After Christmas , Lee ordered Stuart to conduct a raid north of the Rappahannock River to `` penetrate the enemy 's rear , ascertain if possible J.E.B. Stuart position & movements , & inflict upon J.E.B. Stuart such damage as circumstances will permit '' .
 circumstances   will permit  

 Joachim Fest writes : `` What Joseph Goebbels seemed to fear more than anything else was a death devoid of dramatic effects .
 Joseph Goebbels   seemed  

 O how salutary prayers to the all-powerful God pour out in these oratories , when the internal and spiritual purities of those praying correspond proportionally with the external and physical elegance of the oratory !
 those   praying  

 In 1971 , Stephen Schneider was second author on a Science paper with S. However , it is projected that man 's potential to pollute will increase 6 to 8-fold in the next 50 years .
 it   is projected  

 Prison officers , however , had grave concerns over security measures in H Block 6 , where Billy Wright (loyalist) and the LVF were housed .
 Billy Wright (loyalist) and the LVF   were housed  

 When the Temple in Jerusalem was standing , the focus of the Passover festival was the Passover sacrifice ( Hebrew korban Passover ) also known as the `` Paschal Lamb '' .
 the Temple in Jerusalem   was standing  

 Progressive education is a place where certain information is to be given , where certain lessons are to be learned , or where certain habits are to be formed '' ( Dewey , 1897 , para .
 certain lessons   are  

 The initial surface area of the ( iteration-0 ) tetrahedron of side-length L is .
 The initial surface area of the ( iteration-0 ) tetrahedron of side-length L   is  

 Goal posts were originally kept on the goal lines , but after End zone began to interfere with play , End zone moved back to the end lines in 1927 , where End zone have remained in college football ever since .
 End zone   began  

 The Variations have amused Edward Elgar because Edward Elgar 've labelled them with the nicknames of Edward Elgar particular friends ... that is to say Edward Elgar 've written the variations each one to represent the mood of the ` party ' ( the person ) ... and have written what Edward Elgar think they would have written -- if they were asses enough to compose '' .
 they   would have written  

 A proportion of resistant hypertension appears to be the result of chronic high activity of the autonomic nervous system ; this concept is known as `` neurogenic hypertension '' .
 A proportion of resistant hypertension   appears  

 This work was a replacement for a similar statue by Myra Reynolds Richards that had been stolen .
 a similar statue by Myra Reynolds Richards   had been stolen  

 This became known as the Vogt-Russell theorem ; named after Heinrich Vogt and Henry Norris Russell .
 This   became known  

 A 2005 American systematic review of economic evaluations of conservative treatments for low back pain found that significant quality problems in available studies meant that definite conclusions could not be drawn about the most cost-effective intervention .
 definite conclusions   could not be drawn  

 When more than two buffer solutions are used the electrode is calibrated by fitting observed pH values to a straight line with respect to standard buffer values .
 more than two buffer solutions   are used  

 Shewell Cooper married Irene , with whom Shewell Cooper wrote a cookery book Cook what you grow ( 1940 ) .
 you   grow  

 Conflict between white Moor , black Moor , and non-Moor ethnic groups , centering on language , land tenure , and other issues , continues to pose challenges to the idea of national unity .
 Conflict between white Moor , black Moor , and non-Moor ethnic groups   continues  

 On this passage the theologian Joseph Barber Lightfoot ( Apostolic Fathers , 1885 , II , p. 84 ) noted : `` Clement may possibly be referring to some known , but hardly accessible land , lying without the pillars of Hercules .
 some   known  

 Sunspot activity will be more pronounced at solar maximum where the magnetic field is twisted to a maximum .
 the magnetic field   is twisted  

 Uma Thurman closed out 1998 with Les Misérables , a film version of Victor Hugo 's novel of the same name , directed by Bille August , in which Uma Thurman played Fantine .
 Uma Thurman   closed out  

 Since Charles II of Navarre father was first cousin to King Philip VI of France and Charles II of Navarre mother , Joan II of Navarre , was the only child of King Louis X , Charles of Navarre was ` born of the fleur de lys on both sides ' , as Charles II of Navarre liked to point out , but Charles II of Navarre succeeded to a shrunken inheritance as far as Charles II of Navarre French lands were concerned .
 Charles II of Navarre French lands   were concerned  

 Because the term became identified with polygamy in the mid-to-late-19th century , some Latter Day Saint denominations who never practiced polygamy have renounced the term .
 the term   became identified  

 In 1892 , Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky was voted a member of the Académie des Beaux-Arts in France , only the second Russian subject to be honored so ( the first was sculptor Mark Antokolski ) .
 the Académie des Beaux-Arts in France , only the second Russian subject   to be honored so  

 Often , the half-circle part of the integral will tend towards zero as the radius of the half-circle grows , leaving only the real-axis part of the integral , the one we were originally interested in .
 the half-circle part of the integral   will tend  

 Helen , who prefers a bedroom with the curtains drawn , is amazed at , and eventually fascinated by , Messenger 's lust and ingenuity when it comes to selecting odd spots for making love , for instance a prehistoric burial mound on top of a hill , with some hikers approaching .
 the curtains   drawn  

 Oort noted that the number of returning comets was far less than his model predicted , and this issue , known as `` cometary fading '' , has yet to be resolved .
 this issue , known as `` cometary fading ''   to be resolved  

 Because of the high levels of radioactivity involved , all work in the separation plants had to be conducted by remote control using closed-circuit television , something unheard of in 1943 .
 the high levels of radioactivity   involved  

 She also notes that earlier research from the 1930s , confirmed in the 1980s by Fracchia was ignored .
 earlier research from the 1930s   was ignored  

 It is developing as an annual autumn event in Antonio Salieri native town of Legnago , where a theater has been renamed in Antonio Salieri honour .
 It   is developing  

 The calls also indicated that one of the men had tied a box around Saeed al-Ghamdi torso , and claimed there was a bomb inside ; it is not known which hijacker this was .
 this   was  

 Ronnie Hazlehurst used the resulting list for an independently released CD collection , which was released under the name Last of the Summer Wine : Music from the TV Show .
 an independently released CD collection   was released  

 The committee then meets in June where a series of Secret ballot votes is held ; any player with the support of 75 % of the members of the committee present is inducted .
 any player with the support of 75 % of the members of the committee present   is inducted  

 Fisher has been accused of misunderstanding Wright 's views because in his criticisms Fisher seemed to argue Wright had rejected selection almost entirely .
 Fisher   seemed  

 Sophia of Hanover daughter Sophia Charlotte of Hanover ( 1668 -- 1705 ) married Frederick I of Prussia , from whom the later Prussian kings descend .
 the later Prussian kings   descend  

 In a stack , the priority of each inserted element is monotonically increasing ; thus , the last element inserted is always the first retrieved .
 the first   retrieved  

 One great advantage of the harassment perpetrated under Zersetzung was that Stasi subtle nature meant that it was able to be denied .
 it   to be denied  

 This encounter left Caravaggio severely injured .
 Caravaggio   severely injured  

 Edward 's marriage was invalidated because the king was said , on the testimony of a priest , to have precontracted a marriage to Lady Eleanor Talbot .
 the king   was said  

 The subsidiary units are used for convenience to differentiate between a truly dimensionless quantity ( pure number ) and an angle , which are different measurements .
 The subsidiary units   to differentiate  

 In 1788 a European apologist for the slave trade estimated the annual total exported from between the Rio Nunez ( 110 km north of Sierra Leone ) and the Sherbro as 3,000 .
 the annual total   exported  

 The Cordillera Cantábrica , a limestone formation , runs parallel to , and close to , the northern coast near the Bay of Biscay .
 The Cordillera Cantábrica   runs parallel  

 Otherwise , a judge , even if convicted of a felony criminal offense by a jury , is entitled to hold office until retirement or death .
 a judge , even if convicted of a felony criminal offense by a jury   is entitled  

 San Marino 's hope to escape further involvement was shattered on 27 July 1944 when Major Gunther , commander of the German forces in Forlì , delivered a letter from German headquarters in Ferrara to San Marino 's government declaring that the country 's sovereignty could not be respected if , in view of military requirements , the necessity of transit of troops and vehicles arose .
 the necessity of transit of troops and vehicles   arose  

 Within the country , Duvalier used both political murder and expulsion to suppress François Duvalier opponents ; estimates of those killed are as high as 30,000 .
 those   killed  

 Since the end of hostilities in January 2002 , massive infusions of outside assistance have helped Sierra Leone begin to recover .
 Sierra Leone   to recover  

 What Severn did n't realise was that Keats saw it as a possible resource if John Keats wanted to commit suicide .
 Severn   did n't realise  

 Cotton Mather goes on to say that Calef 's collection of writings `` gave a shock to Mather 's influence , from which it never recovered '' .
 it   never recovered  

 `` Marriage in the United States is a civil union ; but Civil union , as it has come to be called , is not marriage , '' said Evan Wolfson of Freedom to Marry .
 it   has come  

 The dwarf planet Ceres (mythology) ( discovered 1801 ) , is named after Ceres (mythology) .
 The dwarf planet Ceres   discovered  

 The final against experienced Lithuania team led by basketball legend Arvydas Sabonis in addition to world class players Šarūnas Marčiulionis , Rimas Kurtinaitis , Valdemaras Chomičius , etc. , turned into a classic game of basketball with crafty Yugoslavs prevailing 96-90 behind Đorđević 's 41 points .
 crafty Yugoslavs   prevailing  

 The film 's reputation began to grow during the 1950s , when Bringing Up Baby was shown on television .
 The film 's reputation   began  

 In 1968 , only a year after its schools became fully integrated , Chapel Hill, North Carolina became the first predominantly white municipality in the south to elect an African American mayor , Howard Lee .
 its schools   integrated  

 Women lack that Giggity-spot called the prostate , so anal-loving lesbians know much more how anal sex feels as a woman than gay men ever could '' , he stated .
 he   stated  

 Probably one of the oldest scripts that any language classified as Aramaic would have been written in , Old Aramaic script ( also known as `` Paleo-Hebrew '' script ) , was heavily influenced by Proto-Canaanite .
 any language   classified  

 Pythagoras name led Pythagoras to be associated with Pythian Apollo ; Aristippus explained Pythagoras name by saying , `` He spoke ( agor - ) the truth no less than did the Pythian ( Pyth - ) , '' and Iamblichus tells the story that the Pythia prophesied that Pythagoras pregnant mother would give birth to a man supremely beautiful , wise , and beneficial to humankind .
 the Pythia   prophesied  

 Members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( colloquially called Mormons ) generally view Moses in the same way that other Christians do .
 other Christians   do  

 For example , the p-adic valuation of a rational number q is defined to be the integer vp ( q ) , such that where both r and s are not divisible by p.
 the p-adic valuation of a rational number q   is defined  

 Because Commines does not name the `` beautiful young lady '' , and the official copy of Titulus Regius in parliament had been destroyed , Tudor historians confused Talbot with Edward 's long-standing mistress Elizabeth Lucy ( also known as Elizabeth Wayte ) .
 the official copy of Titulus Regius in parliament   had been destroyed  

 If it were even possible to lay things down exactly as they stood , before the series of experimental politicks began , Edmund Burke am quite sure that they could not long continue in that situation .
 the series of experimental politicks   began  

 He also says that developers need to begin looking outside the genre for new ideas in order for strategy games to continue to be successful in the future .
 strategy games   to continue  

 From 1996 , the first public signs of political discord between parts of Montenegrin leadership and the Serbian leadership began to appear .
 the first public signs of political discord between parts of Montenegrin leadership and the Serbian leadership   to appear  

 Salt Lake County, Utah was officially formed on January 31 , 1850 , with just over 11,000 residents recorded .
 just over 11,000 residents   recorded  

 Fisher further argued that the strength of the female preference tends to grow exponentially ( leading to ` explosive ' evolution of the characteristic ) until finally checked by ecological selection , since the offspring of those females with the strongest preference typically fare better in reproducing than the offspring of females with weaker preferences .
 the offspring of those females with the strongest preference   typically fare better  

 First , since the style of a single alphabet in each given language has evolved constantly , it is necessary to know how to decipher Palaeography individual characters as Palaeography existed in various eras .
 the style of a single alphabet in each given language   has evolved constantly  

 If the required font files do not exist on the machine where Scalable Vector Graphics is rendered , the text may not appear as intended .
 the text   may not appear  

 In 2006 , The Metropolitan Police recorded a 10 % fall in the number of crimes committed in London Borough of Croydon , better than the rate which crime in London as a whole is falling .
 the rate   is falling  

 Diplock courts were created in the 1970s during The Troubles , in order to phase out Operation Demetrius internments and because of the argument that juries were intimidated , although this is disputed .
 this   is disputed  

 Opening a Word Document file in a version of Word other than the one with which Microsoft Word was created can cause incorrect display of the document .
 Microsoft Word   was created  

 Atomic spectroscopy was the first application of spectroscopy developed .
 the first application of spectroscopy   developed  

 Because the Allied deception measures had confused the Axis as to Second Battle of El Alamein likely point of attack , Rommel departed from his usual practice of holding his armoured strength in a single concentrated reserve and split Second Battle of El Alamein into a northern group ( 15th Panzer and Littorio Divisions ) and a southern group ( 21st Panzer and Ariete Divisions ) , each organised into battle groups in order to be able to make a quick armoured intervention wherever the blow fell and so prevent any narrow breakthroughs from being enlarged .
 any narrow breakthroughs   from being enlarged  

 Most cartridge games were ready to play as soon as Commodore VIC-20 was turned on , as opposed to games on tape which required a time-consuming loading process .
 Commodore VIC-20   was turned on  

 A few days later , several of Fisher 's servants were taken ill after eating some porridge served to the household and two died .
 two   died  

 Should a set of data appear to be too faithful to the hypothesis , i.e. , the amount of error that would normally be in such measurements does not appear , a conclusion can be drawn that the data may have been forged .
 the data   may have been forged  

 The Senate bill , introduced by Sen. Edward `` Ted '' Kennedy , died .
 The Senate bill   died  

 Rather , they focus on military and diplomatic successes such as how Louis XIV of France placed a French prince on the Spanish throne .
 they   focus  

 The seat of engineering was shifted to the Aurobindo Bhavan in 1924 when the building was completed .
 the building   was completed  

 Northern blot is a novel finding .
 a novel   finding  

 Wellington Mara always felt this was the Giants oldest and truest rival and after passing away in 2005 the Giants honored their longtime owner by defeating the Redskins 36 -- 0 at home .
 the Giants   honored their longtime owner by defeating  

 However , Tobacco smoking continue to climb in the developing world .
 Tobacco smoking   continue  

 Round loaves are also produced , such as the North East England speciality called a stottie cake .
 Round loaves   are also produced  

 His plan goes wrong when the kidnappers deviate from the plan and local cop Marge Gunderson ( McDormand ) starts to investigate .
 Marge Gunderson   to investigate  

 Colorado had the league 's lowest goals conceded : 169 , an average of 2.06 per game .
 the league 's lowest goals   conceded  

 Process theological thinkers are generally regarded in the West as unorthodox , but process philosophical thought paved the way for open theism , which sits more comfortably in the Evangelical Christian camp .
 open theism   sits more comfortably  

 Action Against Hunger raises awareness about hunger and seeks to alert the international community when human rights , especially the right to food , are violated .
 human rights   are violated  

 While in Arkham , Poison Ivy (comics) receives a message through flowers that someone is to help her escape .
 her   escape  

 The Confederate troops who escaped were assigned to other units as Crittenden faced an investigation of Albert Sidney Johnston conduct .
 The Confederate troops   escaped  

 Olympic target shooting -- is a game while a similar activity -- e.g. military sharp shooting -- is not ?
 a similar activity -- e.g. military sharp shooting   is not  

 Cārvāka was a living philosophy up to the 12th century AD after which this system seems to have disappeared without leaving any trace .
 this system   seems  

 Southern Saskatchewan contains another area with sand dunes known as the `` Great Sand Hills '' covering over .
 the `` Great Sand Hills   covering over  

 When Edwin Booth 's tour of England in 1880 was not well attended , Henry Irving invited Booth to alternate the roles of Othello Othello with him in London .
 Edwin Booth 's tour of England in 1880   was not well attended  

 Historically , concubinage was frequently voluntary ( by the woman and/or her family 's arrangement ) , as Concubinage provided a measure of economic security for the woman involved .
 the woman   involved  

 Geordie were mercenaries employed by the ancient Brythons to fight the Pictish invaders after the end of Roman rule in Britannia in the 5th century ; the Angles , Saxons and Jutes who thus arrived became , over time , ascendant politically and -- through population transfer from tribal homelands in Northern Europe -- culturally over the native British .
 the Angles , Saxons and Jutes   thus arrived  

 Charles V of France established the first permanent army paid with regular wages , which liberated the French populace from the companies of routiers who regularly plundered the country when not employed .
 the country   not employed  

 Substantive law , which refers to the actual claims and defenses whose validity is tested through the procedures of procedural law , is different from procedural law .
 the actual claims and defenses   is tested  

 The argument ran that after the war , 3 to 4 million women would have to remain unmarried due to the great number of soldiers fallen in battle .
 The argument   ran  

 One common situation , and understood by default if B is not specified explicitly , is when Y is a metric or topological space and B are the Borel sets on Y .
 B   is not specified explicitly  

 The orientation of the electric fields produced by these emitters may not be correlated , in which case Optics is said to be unpolarised .
 Optics   is said  

 The players that have just called the original raise are unlikely to have very strong hands as Steal (poker) have not re-raised .
 Steal   have not re-raised  

 In the table , the elements left of a divide are voiceless , while those to the right are voiced .
 those to the right   are voiced  

 When Greek or Latin works were published , numerous professional copies were made simultaneously by scribes in a scriptorium , each making a single copy from an original that was declaimed aloud .
 an original   was declaimed aloud  

 The Syracusia is said to have been the largest ship built in classical antiquity .
 The Syracusia   is said  

 In animals , Sodium are used against potassium ions to build up charges on cell membranes , allowing transmission of nerve impulses when the charge is dissipated .
 the charge   is dissipated  

 Production then shifted to Hollywood , beginning with a short film that was included in Paramount 's twentieth anniversary documentary , The House That Shadows Built ( 1931 ) , in which Marx Brothers adapted a scene from I 'll Say She Is .
 She   Is  

 Notice how the 20 × and 5 × speedup do n't have much effect on the overall speed when P1 ( 11 % ) is not sped up , and P4 ( 48 % ) is sped up only 1.6 times .
 5 ×   speedup  

 The stone implements from the Jalelo site in northern Somalia are said to be the most important link in evidence of the universality in palaeolithic times between the East and the West .
 The stone implements from the Jalelo site in northern Somalia   are said  

 Microvascular anastomosis are required when EC-IC surgery is performed .
 EC-IC surgery   is performed  

 Accounts that the vagina is capable of producing Orgasm continue to be subject to debate because , in addition to the vagina 's low concentration of nerve endings , the G-Spot 's location is inconsistent and appears to be nonexistent in some women , and may be an extension of another structure ( such as the Skene 's gland or the clitoris , which is a part of the Skene 's gland ) .
 Orgasm   continue  

 In 1961 , player numbers added appeared on the sleeves .
 player numbers   added  

 To moderate the euphemistic aspect of the word developing , international organizations have started to use the term less economically developed country ( LEDCs ) for the poorest nations -- which can , in no sense , be regarded as Developing country .
 the word   developing  

 Lower Saxony is an enclave entirely surrounded by Lower Saxony .
 an enclave   entirely surrounded  

 Most of the smaller asteroids are thought to be piles of rubble held together loosely by gravity , though the largest are probably solid .
 Most of the smaller asteroids   are thought  

 Sheldon 's two novels , produced toward the end of James Tiptree, Jr. career , were not as critically well-received as James Tiptree, Jr. best-known stories but continued to explore similar themes .
 best-known stories   continued  

 These theories , championed by the likes of Noam Chomsky and others , include innatism and Psychological nativism , in which a child is born prepared in some manner with these capacities , as opposed to other theories in which language is simply learned as other cognitive skills , including such mundane motor skills as learning to ride a bike .
 a child   prepared  

 Similarly , alliteration has been used in the line `` as the surf surged up the sun swept shore ... '' , to recreate the sound of breaking waves , in the poem `` I , She and the Sea '' In the poem Kalahandi by Dr Tapan Kumar Pradhan , the rhythm of the word string `` smell of hooch , of sweat , of flesh , the man 's ... '' evokes the sounds produced during an act of aggressive sexual intercourse without the use of onomatopoeia or alliteration .
 the surf   surged up  

 Though Julia Child was not the first television cook , Child was the most widely seen .
 the first television cook   the most widely seen  

 For a deck of given size , the number of Mongean shuffles that Shuffling takes to return a deck to starting position , is known .
 the number of Mongean   is known  

 However , the transition from Modernism to Postmodernism is often said to have happened at 3:32 pm on the 15th of July in 1972 , when Pruitt Igoe ; a housing development for low-income people in St. Louis designed by architect Minoru Yamasaki , which had been a prize winning version of Le Corbusier 's ` machine for modern living ' was deemed uninhabitable and was torn down ( Irving 1993 , 480 ) .
 machine for modern living   was torn down  

 Perhaps even more damaging to Macdonald was when the Liberals `` discovered '' a telegram , through a former employee of Sir Hugh Allan , which was thought to have had been stolen from the safe of Allan 's lawyer , Sir John Abbott .
 Sir Hugh Allan   was thought  

 In this way , the two observers simultaneously have different accounts of the situation : To Schrödinger's cat , the wavefunction of the apparatus has appeared to `` collapse '' ; to the experimenter , the contents of the box appear to be in superposition .
 the wavefunction of the apparatus   has appeared  

 Even though the Almoravides soon reconquered the island , the booty taken helped the Pisans in their magnificent programme of buildings , especially the cathedral and Pisa gained a role of pre-eminence in the Western Mediterranean .
 the booty   taken  

 According to contribution-based theories , goods should be distributed to match an individual 's contribution to the overall social good .
 goods   to match  

 Abiotic stress is how plants work together .
 plants   work together  

 However , judges have been known to throw out murder charges for cold cases if Statute of limitations feel the delay violates the defendant 's right to a speedy trial .
 judges   have been known  

 Peter Sellers is one of the few comic geniuses who was able to truly hide behind his characters , giving the audience no sense of what he 's really like in real life .
 he   's really  

 ( A company legend was that the MultiMate user manual was written first , by an experienced Wang WP manager , then the programmers were told to write software to match MultiMate , which is how the Wang WP was created .
 the Wang WP   was created  

 Stellar parallax created by the relative motion between the Earth and a star , can be seen , in the Copernican model , as arising from the orbit of the Earth around the Sun : the star only appears to move relative to more distant objects in the sky .
 the star   only appears  

 Critic Paul de Man notes , `` Whatever Borges 's existential anxieties may be , they have little in common with Sartre 's robustly prosaic view of literature , with the earnestness of Camus ' moralism , or with the weighty profundity of German existential thought .
 Borges 's existential anxieties   may be  

 Shamanism is believed to be declining around Shamanism .
 Shamanism   is believed  

 Governor General Georges Vanier , who , as viceroy , had always fostered unity and biculturalism , found himself the target of Quebec sovereigntists in Montreal , on National Holiday (Quebec) , 1964 , wherein a group of sovereigntists held placards reading `` Vanier vendu '' ( `` Vanier the sell-out '' ) and `` Vanier fou de la Reine '' ( `` Vanier , jester to the Queen '' ) .
 sovereigntists   held  

 `` Joseph Conrad , '' writes J.I.M. Stewart , `` appears to have attached some mysterious significance to such links with actuality '' .
 J.I.M. Stewart   appears  

 Coen brothers founded their own film production company , called Mike Zoss Productions , located in New York City , which has been credited on their films from O Brother , Where Art Thou ?
 New York City   has been credited  

 Reynolds ' annotated copy was lost for nearly two hundred years until it appeared in a Cambridge bookshop , inscribed with the signature ` J. Reynolds Pictor ' .
 a Cambridge bookshop   inscribed  

 Jakob Bernays suggested that Sulpicius Severus based Sulpicius Severus narrative of the destruction of Jerusalem by Titus on the account given by Tacitus in Sulpicius Severus Histories , a portion of which has been lost .
 Jakob Bernays   suggested  

 The nap will affect the direction of the cue ball depending on which direction the cue ball is shot and also on whether left or right side ( spin ) is placed on the ball .
 the cue ball   is shot  

 The network had ground stations in Beijing , Urumqi , Hohhot , Lhasa , and Guangzhou , which also were linked to an Intelsat satellite over the Indian Ocean .
 ground stations in Beijing , Urumqi , Hohhot , Lhasa , and Guangzhou   also were linked  

 This aspect of Hercule Poirot is less evident in the later novels , partly because there is rarely a narrator so there is no one for Hercule Poirot to mislead .
 Hercule Poirot   to mislead  

 While relying on a heap is a common way to implement priority queues , for integer data , faster implementations exist .
 faster implementations   exist  

 When the plant dies , the fixed nitrogen is released , making Nitrogen fixation available to other plants and this helps to fertilize the soil .
 the plant   dies  

 As a consequence of the death of the commander of the operations and the effect of two failed operations intended to overcome the El Buur mutiny , the spirit of Italian troops began to wane .
 the spirit of Italian troops   began  

 In return , the United States Navy is allowed to use Singaporean naval facilities , including the newly constructed Changi Naval Base designed with USN aircraft carriers in mind .
 the newly constructed Changi Naval Base   designed  

 In heterozygous individuals , the allele that is expressed is the dominant .
 the allele   is expressed  

 Mundha is a one-piece decorative wooden pillar carved by a Madia Gond bridegroom in India after he is engaged .
 he   engaged  

 In the early stages of Orhan I reign , Orhan focused Orhan I energies on conquering most of northwestern Anatolia .
 I   reign  

 However , at the end , the point values lost and gained are doubled .
 the point values   lost  

 On 1 November 1943 , the Soviet Union , the United Kingdom and the United States published their `` Declaration on German Atrocities in Occupied Europe '' , which gave a `` full warning '' that , when the Nazis were defeated , the Allies would `` pursue them to the uttermost ends of the earth ... in order that justice may be done .
 the Nazis   were defeated  

 On 21 August 1939 , Hitler received a message from Stalin reading `` The Soviet Government has instructed Joachim von Ribbentrop to say they agree to Herr von Ribbentrop 's arrival on 23 August '' .
 a message   reading  

 Sail loading ( areal density ) is an important parameter , which is the total mass divided by the sail area , expressed in g/m2 .
 the sail area   expressed  

 When the film was released , the U.S. government 's Office of Censorship declined to approve Sullivan's Travels for export overseas during wartime , because of the `` long sequence showing life in a prison chain gang which is most objectionable because of the brutality and inhumanity with which the prisoners are treated '' .
 the film   was released  

 The Sears Tower stood as the world 's tallest building for 24 years , from 1974 until 1998 , until it was edged out by Petronas Twin Towers in Kuala Lumpur , which held the title for six years .
 it   was edged out  

 Mariette DiChristina is the current editor-in-chief , after John Rennie stepped down in June 2009 .
 John Rennie   stepped down  

 While between-race inequality is slowly falling , an increase in intra-race inequality is preventing the aggregate measures from declining .
 between-race inequality   is slowly falling  

 This was based on Aquinas ' conflation of natural law and natural right , the latter of which Aristotle posits in Book V of the Nicomachean Ethics ( = Book IV of the Eudemian Ethics ) .
 This   was based  

 Since the 1960s , the geographic origin of Xiongnu has attempted to be traced through an analysis of Early Iron Age burial constructions .
 the geographic origin of Xiongnu   to be traced  

 One solution to this problem is to use a series of interlocks that allows stages to indicate that they are busy , pausing the other stages upstream .
 they   pausing  

 About 86 % of molybdenum produced is used in metallurgical applications such as alloys , with the rest of molybdenum used as compounds in chemical applications .
 molybdenum   produced  

 The surname `` bronze-guts '' came from Didymus Chalcenterus indefatigable industry : Didymus Chalcenterus was said to have written so many books that Didymus Chalcenterus was unable to recollect what Didymus Chalcenterus had written in earlier ones , and so often contradicted Didymus Chalcenterus .
 Didymus Chalcenterus   was said  

 However , the smoker has to inhale more deeply to receive the same amount of nicotine , increasing particle deposition in small airways where adenocarcinoma tends to arise .
 adenocarcinoma   to arise  

 In each of the scenarios summarized below , all voters share a common set of pivot probabilities .
 the scenarios   summarized below  

 This is notable because the book , consisting of a seminal essay called `` On Fairy-Stories '' and `` Leaf by Niggle , '' offers the underlying philosophy ( Creation and Sub-Creation , see below ) of much of Tolkien 's fantastical writings .
 a seminal essay   called  

 Pinyin is also unsuitable for transcribing some Chinese spoken languages other than Mandarin .
 some Chinese   spoken  

 While most extrasolar planetary systems discovered have not been found to have planets in mean-motion resonances , some remarkable examples have been uncovered : Cases of extrasolar planets close to a 1:2 mean-motion resonance are fairly common .
 most extrasolar planetary systems discovered   have not been found  

 An earlier theory , proposed shortly after the Voyager 2 flyby , was that a previous incarnation of Miranda (moon) was shattered by a massive impact , with the fragments reassembling and denser ones subsequently sinking to produce the current strange pattern .
 the fragments   reassembling  

 The epigraph at the beginning of Hymn to Proserpine is the phrase Vicisti , Galilaee , Latin for `` You have conquered , O Galilean '' , the apocryphal of the Emperor Julian .
 You   have conquered  

 Local congregations ( branches , wards , and stakes ) have de jure boundaries by which members are allocated , and membership records are centralized .
 members   are allocated  

 It proposes that electrons with opposite spin can become paired , forming Cooper pairs .
 electrons with opposite spin   paired  

 This happens when Peter and Wendy appear to make Goofy 's dream for some adventure come true and play a game of `` Pretend to Be Pirates '' with Donald Duck , who pretends to be Captain Hook until the real Captain Hook appears and challenges Peter to a duel .
 the real Captain Hook   appears  

 The Singapore government believes that regional security , and by extension Singapore 's security , will be affected if the United States loses Foreign relations of Singapore resolve in Iraq .
 regional security , and by extension Singapore 's security   will be affected  

 The orangutans of Suaq Balimbing ( P. abelii ) were found to be avid users of insect and seed-extraction tools when compared to other wild orangutans .
 The orangutans of Suaq Balimbing   were found  

 Sexual selection is predominantly when two opposing males are so closely matched , as would be found in males not having established themselves in a dominance hierarchy , that asymmetries can not be found and the confrontation escalates to a point where the asymmetries must be proved by aggressive use of ornamentation .
 asymmetries   can not be found  

 The Theremin was notable for being the first musical instrument played without touching Electronic musical instrument .
 the first musical instrument   played  

 Assoud , a Bugs Bunny-like rabbit character whose name means lion was introduced after his brother Nahoul , the previous co-host , died of illness .
 a Bugs Bunny-like rabbit character   means  

 High temperature ashing , or stripping , is performed to remove as much photo resist as possible , while the `` descum '' process is used to remove residual photo resist in trenches .
 High temperature ashing , or stripping   is performed  

 But the javelin continued to be used by Cephalus , who was an avid hunter .
 the javelin   continued  

 Papal dispensation was granted on 18 August 1450 because the spouses were too closely related and this concurs with the later date of marriage .
 the spouses   too closely related  

 The crystal produces a group of scintillations for each photon absorbed , the number being proportional to the photon energy .
 each photon   absorbed  

 While the sale of the V-143 was fully legal , Wilson later acknowledged the conflicts of interest that can arise whenever military technology is exported .
 military technology   is exported  

 When a spinal manipulation is performed , the applied force separates the articular surfaces of a fully encapsulated synovial joint , which in turn creates a reduction in pressure within the joint cavity .
 a spinal manipulation   is performed  

 These descriptive definitions are inadequate in the present-day when some conventional doctors offer alternative medical treatments and CAM introductory courses or modules can be offered as part of standard undergraduate medical training ; alternative medicine is taught in more than 50 per cent of US medical schools and increasingly US health insurers are willing to provide reimbursement for CAM therapies .
 CAM introductory courses or modules   can be offered  

 The Pioneer mission to Venus comprised two components , launched separately .
 The Pioneer mission to Venus   launched separately  

 If potential evapotranspiration is greater than actual precipitation , then soil will dry out , unless irrigation is used .
 irrigation   is used  

 Justice also suggests that punishment might turn out never to be right , depending on the facts about what actual consequences Justice has .
 Justice   has  

 Today 23.5 per cent of residents aged 15 to 19 have bilingual skills , an increase of 100 per cent in a decade .
 residents   aged  

 Market research had revealed that many customers thought Concorde was more expensive than Concorde actually was ; thus ticket prices were progressively raised to match these perceptions .
 ticket prices   to match  

 The disease was a pandemic believed to be either of smallpox or measles , and would ultimately claim the lives of two Roman emperors -- Lucius Verus , who died in 169 , and Marcus Aurelius , whose family name , Antoninus , was given to the epidemic .
 a pandemic   to be  

 To the same category belong three later works : `` Ueber den Einfluss der Palästinensischen Exegese auf die Alexandrinische Hermeneutik '' ( Leipzig , 1851 ) ; `` Ueber Palästinensische und Alexandrinische Schriftforschung , '' published in the program for the opening of the Breslau seminary ( Breslau , 1854 ) ; `` Zu dem Targum der Propheten '' ( Breslau , 1872 ) .
 To the same category   belong  

 Assuming a hereditary basis , one question from evolutionary psychology is why genes that increase the likelihood of psychosis evolved , assuming the condition would have been maladaptive from an evolutionary point of view .
 genes that increase the likelihood of psychosis   evolved  

 Instead , the Commons passed the bill as an ordinance , which they claimed did not require royal assent .
 they   claimed  

 Subject–verb–object is also the most common order developed in Creole languages , suggesting that Subject–verb–object may be somehow more initially ` obvious ' to human psychology .
 the most common order   developed  

 Jules Verne is the darling of the French avant-garde , who take him far more seriously than we Anglo-Saxons do .
 we   do  

 For real-valued , independent and identically distributed data , we fit a power-law distribution of the form to the data , where the coefficient is included to ensure that the distribution is normalized .
 we   fit  

 Around 500 km of this track is electrified , on the North Island Main Trunk , between Palmerston North and Hamilton .
 Around 500 km of this track   is electrified  

 Up to six Non-Constituency Members of Parliament from the opposition political parties can be appointed .
 Up to six Non-Constituency Members of Parliament from the opposition political parties   can be appointed  

 Scientific American ( informally abbreviated , SciAm ) is a popular science magazine .
 Scientific American   informally abbreviated  

 Few seem to have remarked on the fact that tablature combines in one notation system both the physical and technical requirements of play ( the lines and symbols on them and in relation to each other representing the actual performance actions ) with the unfolding of the music Musical notation ( the lines of tablature taken horizontally represent the actual temporal unfolding of the music ) .
 the lines of tablature   taken  

 Burke said , no , Sir , not more than usual -- You have and very well employed too , but there are none so deaf as those that w ` ont hear , and none so blind as those that w ` ont see -- Burke made a low bow , Sir , Edmund Burke certainly now understand you , but was afraid Edmund Burke vanity or presumption might have led Edmund Burke to imagine what Your Majesty has said referred to what Edmund Burke have done -- You can not be vain -- You have been of use to us all , it is a general opinion , is it not so Lord Stair ?
 Your Majesty   has said  

 Owain 's personal standard -- the quartered arms of Powys and Deheubarth rampant -- began to be seen all over Wales , especially at rugby union matches against the English .
 Owain 's personal standard   began  

 The case came to trial the following year after delays caused by Ruskin 's bouts of mental illness , while Whistler 's financial condition continued to deteriorate .
 Whistler 's financial condition   to deteriorate  

 Peeling away a pre-cut section of wire fence , they climbed onto the roof of A wing and dropped into the forecourt where the Renault van containing Billy Wright (loyalist) had just started to move forward towards the exit gates .
 the Renault van   had just started  

 As a result , Russo-German relations further suffered , with the Russian chancellor Gorchakov denouncing Bismarck for compromising Otto von Bismarck nation 's victory .
 Russo-German relations   suffered  

 Apart from the years 1827 -- 1829 , canal boat operators were not required to record or report passenger names to the government , which , in this case , was the state of New York .
 canal boat operators   to record  

 The revised show proves to be a hit on The Band Wagon Broadway opening .
 The revised show   proves  

 Proximal to the 2nd part of the duodenum ( approximately at the major duodenal papilla -- where the bile duct enters ) the arterial supply is from the gastroduodenal artery and Duodenum branch the superior pancreaticoduodenal artery .
 the bile duct   enters  

 For example the axiom of choice implies that when the size under consideration is the ordinary notion of length for subsets of the real line , then there exist sets for which no size exists , for example , the Vitali sets .
 sets   exists  

 The problem of interchangeability is more serious in North America because a continent-wide system of freight car interchange developed .
 a continent-wide system of freight car interchange   developed  

 In a 2002 article for The Heartland Institute , Jerry Taylor , director of natural resource studies at the Cato Institute , wrote , `` If it costs X to deliver newly manufactured plastic to the market , for example , but it costs 10X to deliver reused plastic to the market , we can conclude the resources required to recycle plastic are 10 times more scarce than the resources required to make plastic from scratch .
 the resources required   to recycle  

 Abu Nidal members did not know where Abu Nidal lived , knew nothing about Abu Nidal daily life .
 Abu Nidal   lived  

 The most common areas affected include : skin ( 80 -- 90 % ) , respiratory ( 70 % ) , gastrointestinal ( 30 -- 45 % ) , heart and vasculature ( 10 -- 45 % ) , and central nervous system ( 10 -- 15 % ) with usually two or more being involved .
 The most common areas   affected  

 An enraged Baron is left with no choice but to order a duplicate from the Bene Tleilax : the Mentat De Vries featured in Herbert 's original novel Dune .
 An enraged Baron   is left  

 The fission-survived isotope 298Fl is predicted to have alpha decay half-life around 17 days .
 The fission-survived isotope 298Fl   is predicted  

 New players are assigned provisional ratings , which are adjusted more drastically than established ratings .
 provisional ratings   are adjusted more drastically  

 The notion of the Kolmogorov complexity complexity can be used to state and prove impossibility results akin to Gödel 's incompleteness theorem and Turing 's halting problem .
 The notion of the Kolmogorov complexity complexity   to state  

 Joseph Schumpeter prestige among colleagues was likewise not very high because Joseph Schumpeter views seemed outdated and not in tune with the then-fashionable Keynesianism .
 Joseph Schumpeter views   seemed  

 Columbushaus was completed and opened in January 1933 , the same month that the Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler ( 1889 -- 1945 ) came to power .
 Columbushaus   was completed  

 This method was proposed by Edmond Halley in 1716 , although he did not live to see the results .
 he   did not live  

 The betrothal could not be celebrated openly , for Richard had been betrothed for many years to Princess Alys , sister of King Philip II of France .
 The betrothal   could not be celebrated openly  

 A white dwarf can potentially generate multiple novae over time as additional hydrogen continues to accrete onto Nova surface from Nova companion star .
 additional hydrogen   continues  

 REM sleep appears to be important for development of the brain .
 REM sleep   appears  

 When a chemically gated ion channel is activated , Nervous system forms a passage that allow specific types of ion to flow across the membrane .
 a chemically gated ion channel   is activated  

 Comparing Shaker Loops to minimalist composer Terry Riley 's piece In C , Adams says , rather than set up small engines of motivic materials and let them run free in a kind of random play of counterpoint , John Adams (composer) used the fabric of continually repeating cells to forge large architectonic shapes , creating a web of activity that , even within the course of a single movement , was more detailed , more varied , and knew both light and dark , serenity and turbulence .
 Adams   says  

 This suggests that most asteroids with a diameter over 100 meters are rubble piles formed through accumulation of debris after collisions between Asteroid .
 rubble piles   formed  

 But David Attenborough tend to think instead of a parasitic worm that is boring through the eye of a boy sitting on the bank of a river in West Africa , a worm that 's going to make David Attenborough blind .
 a parasitic worm   is boring  

 High Speed 1 ( HS1 ) , formerly known as the Channel Tunnel Rail Link ( CTRL ) , is a 108 km high-speed railway line running from London through Kent to the British end of the Channel Tunnel .
 a 108 km high-speed railway line   running  

 However , because of accuracy limitations , this radar data could not be used to determine whether the aircraft climbed after the nose separated .
 the nose   separated  

 The bianconeri were promoted straight back up as league winners after the 2006 -- 07 season while captain Del Piero claimed the top scorer award with 21 goals .
 The bianconeri   were promoted straight back up  

 Carbon dioxide was predicted to have only a minor role .
 Carbon dioxide   was predicted  

 There are the same three variations on the idea as with roll your own , depending on when players are allowed to choose which card to reveal .
 players   are allowed  

 It was around this time as the musician 's popularity increased that James Brown acquired the nickname , `` Soul Brother No. 1 '' , after failing to win the title `` King of Soul '' from Solomon Burke during a Chicago gig two years prior .
 the musician 's popularity   increased  

 Total fleet : 27,051 ( as of 2011 ) All taxis are fitted with meters ; all are air conditioned ; the majority of the taxis are 5-seaters ; about 90 % of taxis have radiophones ; call booking is done via GPS or digital voice dispatch .
 all   conditioned  

 Police development-aid to weak , failed or failing states is another form of transnational policing that has garnered attention .
 Police development-aid to weak   failed  

 John of Gaunt had John Beaufort, 1st Earl of Somerset nephew Richard II declare the Beaufort children legitimate in 1390 , John of Gaunt married Katherine Swynford in January 1396 .
 John of Gaunt   had  

 By the mid-17th century , the letter v was commonly used for the consonantal sound of Roman V , which in most pronunciations of Latin in the New Latin period was ( and not ) , as in vulnus `` wound '' , corvus `` crow '' .
 was   Roman V  

 After removing the license plate from the car , he left a note covering the Vehicle Identification Number ( VIN ) plate that read , `` Not abandoned .
 the Vehicle Identification Number ( VIN ) plate   Not abandoned  

 John Calvin ( , born : 10 July 1509 -- 27 May 1564 ) was an influential French theologian and pastor during the Protestant Reformation .
 John Calvin   born  

 Simulations of the evolution of the Oort cloud from the beginnings of the Solar System to the present suggest that Oort cloud mass peaked around 800 million years after formation , as the pace of accretion and collision slowed and depletion began to overtake supply .
 the pace of accretion and collision   slowed  

 The story of Penthesilea segues so smoothly from the Iliad in the Epic Cycle that one manuscript tradition of the Iliad ends `` Such were the funeral games of Hector .
 one manuscript tradition of the Iliad   ends  

 , the mother lacking in common sense , the daughter a minor - hopeless , if they rule , and dangerous , if others come to rule over them '' .
 they   rule  

 The implied threat that if colonial restoration did not occur , then the Germans would take back by force their former colonies attracted a large deal of hostile commentary on the inappropriateness of an Ambassador threatening Joachim von Ribbentrop host country in such a manner .
 colonial restoration   did not occur  

 Pressure sensitive adhesives ( PSA ) are feasible if the surface is flame treated or corona treated .
 the surface   treated  

 An advantage held by Eurostar is the convenience and speed of the service : with shorter check-in times than at most airports and hence quicker boarding and less queueing and high punctuality , Eurostar takes less time to travel between central London and central Paris by high-speed rail than it does by air .
 it   does  

 ( `` Simple '' ) As the extended musical sequence ends , the lights black out except for a spotlight on Hapgood , who announces to the audience , `` You are all mad !
 the extended musical sequence   ends  

 Scientists do not agree on how much sleep debt it is possible to accumulate ; whether Sleep is accumulated against an individual 's average sleep or some other benchmark ; nor on whether the prevalence of sleep debt among adults has changed appreciably in the industrialized world in recent decades .
 Sleep   is accumulated  

 Other resources mined are lead , coal , and crushed stone .
 Other resources   mined  

 After the great east-west transcontinental railway was built , north-south connector branch lines were established .
 the great east-west transcontinental railway   was built  

 Salieri helped to develop and shape many of the features of operatic compositional vocabulary and Antonio Salieri music was a powerful influence on contemporary composers .
 Salieri   helped to develop  

 The strength of a theory is related to how long Scientific method has persisted without falsification of Scientific method core principles .
 how long Scientific method   has persisted  

 From Malindi , da Cunha sent envoys to Ethiopia , which at the time was thought to be closer than it actually is .
 it   actually is  

 In April the Spanish ambassador , Bernardino de Mendoza , wrote to King Philip II of Spain that it had been proposed that if Anjou were to travel to England to negotiate Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford marriage to the Queen , Oxford , Surrey and Windsor should be hostages for Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford safe return .
 it   had been proposed  

 The spillway connects to a diversionary canal subtending a 12 km loop of Po (river) .
 The spillway   connects  

 The system was configured with the pump running continually to keep the water level low ; on loss of electrical power , all of the water would flow back into the tube , shutting down S7G reactor .
 The system   was configured  

 Étienne Marcel led a ` demand for justice for the King of Navarre ' which the Dauphin was unable to resist .
 the Dauphin   to resist  

 Nevertheless she is at pains to stress the differences between The Chronicles of Narnia and her world : `` The Chronicles of Narnia is literally a different world '' , she says , `` whereas in the Harry books you go into a world within a world that you can see if you happen to belong .
 she   says  

 The point estimators yield single-valued results , although this includes the possibility of single vector-valued results and results that can be expressed as a single function .
 single vector-valued results and results   can be expressed  

 Mali is estimated to have in excess of 17,400 tonnes of uranium ( measured + indicated + inferred ) .
 +   inferred  

 Starting in May 1834 the rebels took many cities , among them Jerusalem , Hebron and Nablus and Ibrahim Pasha 's army was deployed , defeating the last rebels on 4 August in Hebron .
 among them Jerusalem , Hebron and Nablus and Ibrahim Pasha 's army   was deployed  

 Spaceflight ( also written Spaceflight ) is ballistic flight into or through outer space .
 written   Spaceflight  

 Generation Data Groups ( GDGs ) were originally designed to support grandfather-father-son backup procedures - if a file was modified , the changed version became the new `` son '' , the previous `` son '' became the `` father '' , the previous `` father '' became the `` grandfather '' and the previous `` grandfather '' was deleted .
 a file   was modified  

 Some Western sources considered this to be the first landing at the Pole until the Soviet landings became widely known .
 the Soviet landings   known  

 If , on the other hand , Mary gave birth to a healthy child , Elizabeth I of England chances of becoming queen would recede sharply .
 Elizabeth I of England chances of becoming queen   would recede sharply  

 Since the 2012 imposition of sharia rule in northern parts of Mali , Mali was listed high ( number 7 ) in the Christian persecution index published by Open Doors which described the persecution in the north as severe .
 Mali   was listed high  

 The random sample of alleles in the just formed new colony is expected to grossly misrepresent the original population in at least some respects .
 The random sample of alleles in the just formed new colony   is expected  

 A few weeks after the birth of Joni Mitchell daughter in 1965 , Joni Anderson was gigging again around Yorkville , beginning to sing more of Joni Mitchell original material for the first time , written with Joni Mitchell unique open tunings .
 written   Joni Mitchell  

 During California 's Gubernatorial recall campaign , Loretta Sanchez was one of the first Democrats to break from Governor Gray Davis and state that a Democrat should run to succeed Davis in case the recall measure passed .
 the recall measure   passed  

 Drew Barrymore became the youngest person to have hosted Saturday Night Live ( SNL ) having hosted on November 20 , 1982 at 7 years old , a record that has n't been broken .
 a record   has n't been broken  

 Although this introduces the novel combination zh , Pinyin is internally consistent in how the two series are related , and reminds the trained reader that many Chinese pronounce sh , zh , ch as s , z , c ( and English-speakers use zh to represent / ʒ / in foreign languages such as Russian anyway ) .
 the two series   are related  

 Jacob Grimm father , who was a lawyer , died while Jacob Grimm was a child , and Jacob Grimm mother was left with very small means ; but her sister , who was lady of the chamber to the Landgravine of Hesse , helped to support and educate her numerous family .
 her sister , who was lady of the chamber to the Landgravine of Hesse   helped to support  

 The most mountainous districts lie inland from the head of the Gulf of Guinea ( Adamawa , etc. ) , where heights of 1800 m to 2400 m ( 6000 to 8000 ft ) are reached .
 heights of 1800 m to 2400 m   are reached  

 The various MIPS tool-chains implement specific calling conventions that further restrict how the registers are used .
 the registers   are used  

 The verb tenses ( a very inexact application of the word , since more distinctions than simply tense are expressed ) are organized into four ` systems ' ( as well as gerunds and infinitives , and such creatures as intensives/frequentatives , desideratives , causatives , and benedictives derived from more basic forms ) based on the different stem forms ( derived from verbal roots ) used in conjugation .
 simply tense   are expressed  

 The existence of a corona appears to be dependent on a convective zone in the outer layers of Star .
 The existence of a corona   appears  

 Defects in two genes are thought to be responsible for ADPKD .
 Defects in two genes   are thought  

 In ` Postmodernism Fiction ' ( 1987 ) , Brian McHale details the shift from modernism to postmodernism , arguing that the former is characterized by an epistemological dominant , and that Postmodernism works have developed out of modernism and are primarily concerned with questions of ontology .
 Postmodernism works   have developed  

 The area of southern Ukraine is known to have been inhabited by Scythian and Sarmatian tribes prior to the foundation of the Gothic kingdom .
 The area of southern Ukraine   is known  

 When the Pharaoh freed the Israelites , Passover is said that Passover left in such a hurry that Passover could not wait for bread dough to rise ( leaven ) .
 bread dough   to rise  

 In California , unlicensed possession of a flame-throwing device -- statutorily defined as `` any non-stationary and transportable device designed or intended to emit or propel a burning stream of combustible or flammable liquid a distance of at least 10 feet '' H&W 12750 ( a ) -- is a misdemeanor punishable with a county jail term not exceeding one year OR with a fine not exceeding $ 10,000 ( CA H&W 12761 ) .
 any non-stationary and transportable device   to emit  

 If a player won more games than expected , his rating would be adjusted upward , while if he won fewer than expected his rating would be adjusted downward .
 his rating   would be adjusted upward  

 Thus , the basic reaction by which photosynthesis is used to produce food ( such as glucose ) was outlined .
 the basic reaction by which photosynthesis is used to produce food ( such as glucose )   was outlined  

 However , the potential of such a theory remains uncertain if not dubious due to the high-speed precision involved and possible payloads required .
 possible payloads   required  

 Although the woman 's maiden name is not revealed , details throughout the story strongly imply that this character is the elderly Susan Pevensie .
 the woman 's maiden name   is not revealed  

 This is done to remove ambiguity that could arise , as in Xi'an , which consists of the two syllables xi an , compared to such words as xian .
 ambiguity   could arise  

 An alternative notation is CH3 -- CH2 -- OH , which indicates that the carbon of a methyl group ( CH3 -- ) is attached to the carbon of a methylene group ( -- CH2 -- ) , which is attached to the oxygen of a hydroxyl group ( -- OH ) .
 the carbon of a methyl group   is attached  

 The national elections for the 612 members of the National Assembly of People 's Power are held according to this system , and the precepts of the 1976 Constitution .
 The national elections for the 612 members of the National Assembly of People 's Power   are held  

 If the number of dies -- the integrated circuits that will eventually become chips -- etched on a wafer exceeds a failure threshold ( i.e. too many failed dies on one wafer ) , the wafer is scrapped rather than investing in further processing .
 too many   failed  

 Under the circumstances , English could not but become `` the speech of ... Joseph Conrad future , of long friendships , of ... affection , of hours of toil and ... ease , and ... of books read ... thoughts pursued ... remembered emotions ... '' Had Conrad remained in the Francophone sphere or had Joseph Conrad returned to Poland , the son of the Polish poet , playwright and translator Apollo Korzeniowski -- from childhood exposed to Polish and foreign literature , and ambitious to Joseph Conrad become a writer -- might have ended writing in French or Polish instead of English .
 books   read  

 These undergo what has been traditionally called `` hibernation '' : the physiological state where the body temperature drops to near ambient ( environmental ) temperature , and heart and respiration rates slow drastically .
 ambient ( environmental ) temperature , and heart and respiration rates   slow drastically  

 The satellite medium , Marshall McLuhan states , encloses the Earth in a man-made environment , which `` ends ` Nature ' and turns the globe into a repertory theater to be programmed '' .
 a repertory theater   to be programmed  

 IGN Comics ranked The Dark Knight Returns second on a list of the 25 greatest Batman graphic novels , behind , and called The Dark Knight Returns , `` a true masterpiece of storytelling '' with `` scene after unforgettable scene '' .
 IGN Comics   ranked  

 Most Protestants deny the need for this type of continuity and the historical claims involved have been severely questioned ; Eric Jay comments that the account given of the emergence of the episcopate in chapter III of Lumen Gentium `` is very sketchy , and many ambiguities in the early history of the Christian ministry are passed over '' Their reasons are given in detail below .
 Most Protestants   deny  

 Francis Atterbury , Bishop of Rochester and a passionate High Tory , conspired with Mar who had been appointed `` Secretary of State '' by James Francis in France , for a rising to coincide with the general election in 1722 aiming to exploit public anger over the South Sea Bubble .
 Mar   had been appointed  

 In other words , the further from the equator the more developed a country tends to be .
 the further from the equator the more developed a country   to be  

 Increase in intensity of incident beam ( keeping the frequency fixed ) increases the magnitude of the Photoelectric effect current , though stopping voltage remains the same .
 the frequency   fixed  

 Gregory Peck went on to appear in five plays during Gregory Peck senior year .
 Gregory Peck   went on  

 In 2008 , popular South African cartoonist and satirist Jonathan Shapiro ( who is published under the pen name Zapiro ) came under fire for depicting then-president of the ANC Jacob Zuma in the act of undressing in preparation for the implied rape of ` Lady Justice ' which is held down by Zuma loyalists .
 popular South African cartoonist and satirist Jonathan Shapiro   is published  

 The number of minuscule forms increases steadily in texts written in the mixed hand , and especially in marginal notes , until by the end of the 5th century the majuscule forms have almost entirely disappeared in some manuscripts .
 The number of minuscule forms   increases steadily  

 What Stephen King saw was an image of what Stephen King studio would look like if Stephen King died , providing a seed for Stephen King novel Lisey 's Story .
 Stephen King   died  

 A full-credit project is suggested to involve five to six hours per weekday .
 A full-credit project   is suggested  

 It is unknown if Plato 's ideas of idealism have some earlier origin , but Plato held Pythagoras in high regard , and Pythagoras as well as his followers in the movement known as Pythagoreanism claimed the world was literally built up from numbers , an abstract , absolute form .
 the movement   known  

 According to David Sheff 's book Game Over , Yokoi never actually intended for the console to be released in Virtual Boy ultimate form .
 the console   to be released  

 The aims of Statute of Anne are debated ; Ronan Deazley suggests that the intent was to balance the rights of the author , publisher and public in such a way as to ensure the maximum dissemination of works , while other academics argue that the bill was intended to protect the Company 's monopoly or , conversely , to weaken it .
 The aims of Statute of Anne   are debated  

 Power law is primarily in the study of statistical distributions that the name `` power law '' is used ; in other areas the power-law functional form is more often referred to simply as a polynomial form or polynomial function .
 the name `` power law   is used  

 Mikhail Gorbachev , the last Soviet leader , was able to get Karmal to step down as PDPA General Secretary in 1986 , and replace Mohammad Najibullah with Najibullah .
 Karmal   to step down  

 The absolute magnitude of Earthquake is conventionally reported by numbers on the Moment magnitude scale ( formerly Richter scale , magnitude 7 causing serious damage over large areas ) , whereas the felt magnitude is reported using the modified Mercalli intensity scale ( intensity II -- XII ) .
 the felt magnitude   is reported  

 Garfunkel 's performance of Monty Python member Eric Idle 's `` Always Look on the Bright Side of Life '' was used in the end credits of the 1997 film As Good as It Gets .
 It   Gets  

 In rats , high doses and in high temperatures , serotonergic neurotoxicity is limited and dopaminergic neurotoxicity occurs .
 neurotoxicity   occurs  

 The first actor hired turned out to be incapable of slapping De Niro in the face .
 The first actor   hired  

 The similarities between all present day organisms indicate the presence of a common ancestor from which all known species , living and extinct , have diverged through the process of evolution .
 all known species   have diverged  

 Thirty days ' notice is required before the order can be issued , and the scheduling expires after a year ; however , the period may be extended six months if rulemaking proceedings to permanently schedule the drug are in progress .
 the order   can be issued  

 John Harrison invented the gridiron pendulum , consisting of alternating brass and iron rods assembled so that the different expansions and contractions cancel each other out .
 brass and iron rods   assembled  

 Bowie , whose own music had inspired Francis and Santiago while they were at university , has said that Pixies made `` just about the most compelling music of the entire 80s '' .
 Pixies   made  

 If , as seem likely , such a bombardment struck Earth at the same time , the first atmosphere and oceans may have been stripped away .
 the first atmosphere and oceans   may have been stripped away  

 Because Britain is a beer-drinking nation , malt vinegar is commonly used .
 malt vinegar   is commonly used  

 by Ivor Horton provides example code with the keyword that will not compile in most compilers , without reference to this problem .
 the keyword   will not compile  

 As of 2011 , Military of Afghanistan is slowly becoming able to operate independently from US-led NATO forces .
 Military of Afghanistan   to operate independently  

 MIPS architecture was complemented by the integer-only MIPS Digital Media Extensions ( MDMX ) multimedia extensions , which were announced on the same date as MIPS V. MIPS V implementations were never introduced .
 MIPS V. MIPS V implementations   were never introduced  

 The Black Legion series closely follows the original historical narrative with most of the characters retained .
 the original historical narrative   retained  

 After Samuel Pepys release , Samuel Pepys retired from public life , aged 57 .
 public life   aged  

 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 's ( OECD ) Programme for the International Assessment of Adult Competencies ( PIAAC ) is expected to produce new comparative skill profiles in late 2013 .
 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 's ( OECD ) Programme for the International Assessment of Adult Competencies   is expected  

 Since just a few units were sold , the Brazilian branch of Philips released in 1983 Odyssey ² without Magnavox Odyssey² number .
 just a few units   were sold  

 Henry Bessemer 's first successful invention ( 1838 ) was a method of compressing graphite powder into solid graphite thus allowing the waste from sawing to be reused .
 the waste   to be reused  

 The Friedmans worked on this project for the next three years , and during 1980 , the ten-part series , titled Free to Choose , was broadcast by the Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) .
 Free   to Choose  

 Other music for the film was also produced , this time composed by Angelo Badalamenti , who would go on to produce the music for most of Lynch 's subsequent cinematic works .
 Other music for the film   was also produced  

 As UCLA law professor Stephen Yeazell has pointed out , the most likely reason is that the abysmally poor transportation , communications , and administrative apparatus of medieval times made it impossible for the English sovereign to directly manage the entire country in terms of individuals ; it was easier to structure society by imposing obligations upon groups which were enforced by the sporadic use of force .
 UCLA law professor Stephen Yeazell   has pointed out  

 In contrast , the novels of Scott 's contemporary Jane Austen , once appreciated only by the discerning few ( including , as it happened , Sir Walter Scott Walter Scott ) rose steadily in critical esteem , though Austen , as a female writer , was still faulted for her narrow ( `` feminine '' ) choice of subject matter , which , unlike Scott , avoided the grand historical themes traditionally viewed as masculine .
 it   happened  

 From the 11th century , when the territory inhabited by the Slovak-speaking population of Danubian Basin was incorporated into the Kingdom of Hungary , until 1918 , when the Austro-Hungarian empire collapsed , the territory of modern Slovakia was an integral part of the Hungarian state .
 the Austro-Hungarian empire   collapsed  

 In particular , Salford was felt to be `` merely a scratch collection of 240,000 people cut off from Manchester by the river '' .
 Salford   was felt  

 Lois and Jimmy were present when Batman and Superman found the real Lex Luthor since the one that was arrested before was one of Lex Luthor 's robotic duplicates .
 the one   was arrested  

 The Ministry of Culture , Arts and Tourism ( MOCAT ) was established in 1987 under which the TDC was incorporated .
 the TDC   was incorporated  

 During genome replication the circularization acts to enhance genome replication speeds , cycling viral RNA dependent RNA polymerase much the same as the ribosome is hypothesized to cycle .
 the ribosome   is hypothesized  

 Homer says Aloadae were killed by Apollo before Aloadae had any beards , consistent with their being bound to columns in the Underworld by snakes , with the nymph of the Styx in the form of an owl over them .
 their   being bound  

 The first king , William I , who did not want the name Limburg (Netherlands) to be lost , insisted that the name be changed to `` Province of Limburg (Netherlands) '' .
 the name Limburg   to be lost  

 Massacres of about one million Jews occurred before the plans of Final Solution were fully implemented in 1942 , but it was only with the decision to eradicate the entire Jewish population that Final Solution were built and industrialized mass slaughter of Jews began in earnest .
 Final Solution   were built  

 The counterattack 's effect was to disrupt the Germans , holding them back a little longer while the BEF retreated .
 the BEF   retreated  

 Early Super Bowls featured a halftime show consisting of marching bands from local colleges or high schools ; but as the popularity of the game increased , a trend where popular singers and musicians performed during Super Bowl pre-game ceremonies and the halftime show , or simply sang the national anthem of the United States , emerged .
 the popularity of the game   increased  

 They came back to win , in part due to Campanella 's decision to use Newcombe as a pinch hitter in the seventh inning ; Newcombe hit a game-tying two-run home run .
 They   to win  

 Alcamenes was a younger contemporary of Phidias and noted for the delicacy and finish of Alcamenes works , among which a Hephaestus and an Aphrodite `` of the Gardens '' were conspicuous .
 noted   Alcamenes  

 Manchester Cathedral was among the buildings seriously damaged ; Manchester restoration took 20 years .
 the buildings   seriously damaged  

 While this is not in Crochet a hook , Crochet is a device used in conjunction with a crochet hook to produce stitches .
 a device   used  

 Live food fish are often transported in tanks at high expense for an international market that prefers Seafood seafood killed immediately before Seafood is cooked .
 Seafood   is cooked  

 The road uniforms continued to be powder blue , but for Milwaukee Brewers the city name `` MILWAUKEE '' graced the chest in an upward slant .
 The road uniforms   continued  

 However , Quran emphatically rejects the implication of termination of Jesus ' life when he was allegedly crucified .
 he   was allegedly crucified  

 Because the film was finished before 1923 , Blacksmith Scene copyright has expired ; Blacksmith Scene is freely available on the World Wide Web .
 Blacksmith Scene copyright   has expired  

 In a statement that foreshadows Atticus ' motivation for defending Tom Robinson and describes Mrs. Dubose , who is determined to break herself of a morphine addiction , Atticus tells Jem that courage is `` when you 're licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what '' .
 you   begin anyway  

 This is a form of determinism but not predestination since the latter term implies that God has actually determined ( rather than simply seen ) in advance the destiny of creatures .
 God   simply seen  

 Weight is the gravitational force acting on a given body -- which differs depending on the gravitational pull of the opposing body ( e.g. , a person 's weight on Earth vs on the Moon ) -- while mass is an intrinsic property of that body that never changes .
 a given body   differs  

 In ADPKD the original `` hit '' is congenital ( in either the PKD1 or PKD2 genes ) and the subsequent `` hit '' occurs later in life as the cells grow and divide .
 the cells   grow  

 Since a pawn can not move backward or to the sides , Shogi must promote ( see below ) if Shogi arrives at the far rank .
 Shogi   must promote  

 Juventus F.C. first won the league championship in 1905 while playing at their Velodromo Umberto I ground .
 their Velodromo Umberto   ground  

 Roderigo calls Othello ` the thicklips ' , which seems to refer to European conceptions of Sub-Saharan African physiognomy , but Honigmann counters that , as these comments are all intended as insults by the characters , they need not be taken literally .
 they   need not be taken literally  

 This made Mary Rose virtually impossible to pass cables under the hull and required far more lifting power than if the ship had settled on a hard seabed .
 the ship   had settled  

 Further , minimax only requires ordinal measurement ( that outcomes be compared and ranked ) , not interval measurements ( that outcomes include `` how much better or worse '' ) , and returns ordinal data , using only the modeled outcomes : the conclusion of a minimax analysis is : `` this strategy is minimax , as the worst case is ( outcome ) , which is less bad than any other strategy '' .
 outcomes   include  

 Senior football did return to the town when a new club called Burton All-Saints were formed .
 a new club called Burton All-Saints   were formed  

 But if no letter is written to represent a triphthong 's middle ( non-semi-vowel ) sound ( as in ui or iu ) , then the tone marker goes on the final ( second ) vowel letter .
 no letter   is written  

 Jack Kerouac reason for doing so seems to be linked to an old family legend that the Kerouacs had descended from Baron François Louis Alexandre Lebris de Kerouac .
 Jack Kerouac reason for doing so   to be linked  

 With the advent of effective ranged weaponry , and later firearms , the position of an assassination target was more precarious .
 the advent of effective   ranged  

 There are several circular stepped pyramids called Guachimontones in Teuchitlán , Jalisco as well .
 several circular   stepped  

 But during the testing of a boat propelled by one , Propeller snapped off , leaving a fragment shaped much like a modern boat propeller .
 a fragment   shaped  

 While the information Propaganda gave out to the Iraqis was truthful , Propaganda were in a high degree of competition with the opposing forces after the censorship of the Iraqi media was lifted with the removal of Saddam from power .
 the censorship of the Iraqi media   was lifted  

 Scott Tremaine has proposed that the observed double nucleus could be explained if P1 is the projection of a disk of stars in an eccentric orbit around the central black hole .
 the observed double nucleus   could be explained  

 The name of the plant bears no relation to Chile , the country , which is named after the Quechua chin ( `` cold '' ) , tchili ( `` snow '' ) , or chilli ( `` where the land ends '' ) .
 the country   is named  

 Against the Pentium , Motorola 68060 could perform better on mixed code , Pentium 's decoder could not issue an FP instruction every opportunity and hence the FPU was not superscalar as the ALUs were .
 the ALUs   were  

 As continental drift became more widely accepted during the 1960s , and the increased understanding of plate tectonics demonstrated the impossibility of a lost continent in the geologically recent past , most `` Lost Continent '' theories of Atlantis began to wane in popularity .
 most `` Lost Continent '' theories of Atlantis   began  

 Pat Hare produced heavily distorted power chords for several 1954 recordings ( including James Cotton 's '' ) , creating `` a grittier , nastier , more ferocious electric guitar sound , '' accomplished by turning the volume knob on his amplifier `` all the way to the right until the speaker was screaming '' .
 the speaker   was screaming  

 This effect mainly applies to camshaft-driven ( engine mounted ) fuel pumps which lack a fuel return line .
 engine   mounted  

 Although producing accurate models remains a challenge when only distantly related template structures are available , Protein has been suggested that sequence alignment is the bottleneck in this process , as quite accurate models can be produced if a `` perfect '' sequence alignment is known .
 Protein   has been suggested  

 When canal boats met , the boat with the right of way steered to the towpath side of Erie Canal .
 canal boats   met  

 No zoologist who thinks through the implications , not even the most ardent saltationist , has ever supported any such notion .
 No zoologist   thinks  

 In less words , this means an ≤ M for all n greater than N for some pair M and N. Any such M is called an upper bound .
 N. Any such M   bound  

 Alaeddin , by Orhan I military legislation , may be truly said to have organized victory for the Ottoman dynasty .
 Alaeddin   may be truly said  

 The Prophet Mohamed is reported to have said : `` Take oil of olive and massage with Olive -- Olive is a blessed tree '' ( Sunan al-Darimi , 69:103 ) .
 The Prophet Mohamed   is reported  

 A further proclamation of 1538 , aiming to stop the spread of Lutheran doctrine , saw Henry VIII note that `` sondry contentious and sinyster opiniones , have by wrong teachynge and naughtye bokes increaced and growen within this his realme of England '' , and declare that all authors and printers must allow the Privy Council or their agents to read and censor books before publication .
 the Privy Council or their agents   to read  

 The following teaching can be found twice in the Midrash : `` Rabbi Huna said in the name of Rabbi Joseph , ` The generation of the Flood was not wiped out until they wrote גמומסיות ( either sexual hymns or marriage documents ) for the union of a man to a male or to an animal ' '' '' .
 they   wrote  

 The Supreme Court has ruled that if imprisonment is for six months or less , Jury trial is not required , meaning a state may choose whether or not to permit Jury trial in such cases .
 Jury trial   is not required  

 Teasing is the reactionary side of the comic , Satire limits Satire to a shallow parody of physical appearance ; the side-effect of teasing is that Satire humanizes and draws sympathy for the powerful individual towards which is directed .
 Satire   humanizes  

 In American Football League first years , players such as Oilers ' George Blanda , Chargers/Bills ' Jack Kemp , Texans ' Len Dawson , the NY Titans ' Don Maynard , Raiders/Patriots/Jets ' Babe Parilli , Pats ' Bob Dee proved to be AFL standouts .
 Pats ' Bob Dee   proved  

 As has often been argued however the major influence on Sainte-Chapelle overall design seems to have come from contemporary metalwork , particularly the precious shrines and reliquaries made by Mosan goldsmiths .
 the major influence on Sainte-Chapelle overall design   seems  

 Surveillance is supplemented using buried motion sensors .
 Surveillance   is supplemented  

 If only one line of position is available , this may be evaluated against the Dead reckoning position to establish Navigation .
 this   may be evaluated  

 Additionally , participants in a Polyamory relationship may not have , nor expect their partners to have , preconceptions as to the duration of Polyamory , in contrast to monogamous marriages where a lifelong union is generally the goal .
 participants in a Polyamory relationship   may not have  

 Johannes Kepler measured the skies , now the shadows Johannes Kepler measure Skybound was the mind , earthbound the body rests .
 the body   rests  

 For this reason the examples given below are grouped by voltage level .
 the examples   given below  

 The legend that the high-living patrician painter Guido Reni , whose personal dash was at least as great as Pope Innocent X brilliant drawing and brushwork , had been insulted by rumours circulated , Pope Innocent X thought , by Cardinal Pamphilj , serves to place on the painter 's shoulders the vengeful act that could not have been overlooked -- or discouraged -- by Pope Innocent X Barberini patron .
 the vengeful act   could not have been overlooked  

 In this , Justice is similar to the laws of physics : in the same way as the Third of Newton 's laws of Motion requires that for every action there must be an equal and opposite reaction , justice requires according individuals or groups what Justice actually deserve , merit , or are entitled to .
 Justice   actually deserve  

 Edessa was re-occupied , and Mannus , the king deposed by the Parthians , was re-installed .
 Mannus   was re-installed  

 The case becomes even more complicated if foreign elements are thrown into the mix , such as when the place of marriage is different from the territory where divorce was filed ; when the parties ' nationalities and residences do not match ; when there is property in a foreign jurisdiction ; or when the parties have changed residence several times during the marriage .
 the parties ' nationalities and residences   do not match  

 The telecommunications equipment on Mariner Mariner 4 consisted of dual S-band transmitters ( with either a seven-watt triode cavity amplifier or a ten watt traveling-wave tube amplifier ) and a single radio receiver which together could send and receive data via the low - and high-gain antennas at 8 1/3 or 33 1/3 bits per second .
 a single radio receiver   together could send  

 The `` Big Three '' spent days wrangling about when Operation Overlord should take place , who should command it , and where operations should begin .
 operations   should begin  

 At higher temperatures , the Fermi level is the energy at which the probability of a state being occupied has fallen to 0.5 .
 a state   being occupied  

 The information gathered by the eye is processed in the brain to give a percept that differs from the object being imaged .
 the object   being imaged  

 An adaptor for the Jaguar that allows for WebTV access was revealed in 1998 , one prototype is known to exist .
 one prototype   is known  

 Both of these must be replaced with other algebraic forms in order to be solved : an advanced notion of perimeter , which includes hypersurfaces bounding volumes in - dimensional Euclidean spaces can be found in the theory of Caccioppoli sets .
 order   to be solved  

 Based on historical records , the Earth is known to have undergone drastic climate changes in the past , including ice ages .
 the Earth   is known  

 The democratic constitution was restored , and power was handed back to Stevens , who at last assumed the office of Prime Minister .
 The democratic constitution   was restored  

 Sometimes nicknamed the `` love nut '' because of the shape of Seychelles fruit which , with the husk removed , presents a `` double '' coconut resembling buttocks , the coco-de-mer produces the world 's heaviest seed pods .
 the husk   removed  

 This further enraged Zeus , who sent Pandora , the first woman , to live with humanity .
 This further enraged Zeus   to live  

 Polycystin-1 , encoded by PKD1 gene , is thought to be associated with polycystin-2 protein and regulates polycystin-2 's channel activity .
 Polycystin-1 , encoded by PKD1 gene   is thought  

 In 1887 , Heinrich Hertz discovered that electrodes illuminated with ultraviolet light create electric sparks more easily .
 electrodes   illuminated  

 David W. Fahey , of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , found that to produce a drop in stratospheric Ozone of 1 to 2 % would require a fleet of 500 supersonic aircraft to be operated .
 500 supersonic aircraft   to be operated  

 Intentional mummification was uncommon in pre-Columbian Mexico , though some examples have been found .
 some examples   have been found  

 If the football passes through a goal line , but ends up elsewhere due to further jumps , the game continues .
 the game   continues  

 The conception that in religious matters anyone , however ignorant , can judge for Louis Ginzberg , is the direct denial of the old Jewish maxim , ` The ignorant can not be pious ' ( Avot 2:5 ) ... The majority vote of a Board of Directors of a synagogue is , after all , a negligible quantity when it is in opposition to the vote of historical Judaism with its myriad of Saints and thousands of Sages ... The sorting , distributing , selecting , harmonizing and completing can only be done by experienced hands .
 The sorting , distributing   selecting  

 The interwar period brought a further industrialization in Slovenia , with a rapid economic growth in the 1920s followed by a relatively successful economic adjustment to the 1929 economic crisis .
 the 1920s   followed  

 Since about 2005 , when the two provincial newspapers `` De Limburger '' and `` Limburgs Dagblad '' merged , the one left is carrying both names .
 the one   left  

 A page who was drowsy from the sun dropped the king 's lance , which clanged loudly against a steel helmet carried by another page .
 the king 's lance   clanged loudly  

 In a 1987 issue of The Highway Patrolman magazine , Stephen King stated , `` The story seems sort of down home to Stephen King .
 The story   seems sort of down home  

 An accelerated charged particle might emit synchrotron radiation , though a particle at rest does n't .
 a particle at rest   does n't  

 Although the House of Orange died out in House of Orange-Nassau male line with the death of Queen Wilhelmina , the name `` Orange '' continues to be used by the Dutch royalty .
 the name `` Orange   continues  

 However , the following symmetry adapted atomic orbitals do : The symmetric combination ( called Molecular orbital ) is lower in energy than the basis orbitals , and the antisymmetric combination ( called an antibonding orbital ) is higher .
 atomic orbitals   do  

 With the fleet reduced to only two ships and left without supplies , Afonso de Albuquerque was unable to maintain this position for long .
 the fleet   left  

 Lead Belly 's tuning is debated , but appears to be a downtuned variant of standard tuning ; more than likely Lead Belly tuned Lead Belly guitar strings relative to one another , so that the actual notes shifted as the strings wore .
 the strings   wore  

 Edmund Burke then provided quotations from Paine 's Rights of Man to demonstrate what the New Whigs believed .
 the New Whigs   believed  

 However , most intellectuals and writers from Dalmatia who used the Štokavian dialect and practiced the Catholic faith saw themselves as part of a Croatian nation as far back as the mid-16th to 17th century , some 300 years before Serbo-Croatian ideology appeared .
 Serbo-Croatian ideology   appeared  

 Concerns that language differences would hamper U.S. film exports turned out to be largely unfounded .
 Concerns that language differences would hamper U.S. film exports   turned out  

 Lois Lane were rescued by Krypto when Superman attacked their protest march , Batman and Krypto had to fight Superman until the effects of the Red Kryptonite wore off .
 the effects of the Red Kryptonite   wore off  

 In past investigations , once it was established that a crash was , in fact , a criminal act , the FBI had become the lead federal investigative body , with the NTSB providing any requested support .
 it   was established  

 What Education Is : Education according to Dewey is the `` participation of the individual in the social consciousness of the race '' ( Dewey , 1897 , para .
 Education   Is  

 Atari 5200 also featured the innovation of the first automatic TV switchbox , allowing it to automatically switch from regular TV viewing to the game system signal when the system was activated .
 the system   was activated  

 In 1979 , the American Broadcasting Company aired a TV holiday show , The Halloween That Almost Was n't , in which a mummy from Egypt ( Robert Fitch ) arrived at Count Dracula 's castle without speaking .
 The Halloween That   Almost Was n't  

 In addition , Nuncio serves as the liaison between the Holy See and the Roman Catholic diocesan episcopate in the nation or region to which he is assigned .
 Nuncio   serves  

 The goddess Athena , realizing Bellerophon would surely die if he undertook this task alone , sent him aid in the form of the winged horse , Pegasus .
 Bellerophon   would surely die  

 Where space is limited , such as on pressure gauges , name plates , graph labels , and table headings , the use of a modifier in parentheses , such as `` kPa ( gauge ) '' or `` kPa ( absolute ) '' , is permitted .
 the use of a modifier in parentheses , such as `` kPa ( gauge ) '' or `` kPa   is permitted  

 Strictly the term refers to the pump Public house , which is normally manually operated , though electrically powered and gas powered pumps are occasionally used .
 the pump Public house   is normally manually operated  

 Although precursors to this table exist , Periodic table (large version) invention is generally credited to Russian chemist Dmitri Mendeleev in 1869 .
 precursors to this table   exist  

 Usually Siege would wait until supplies inside the fortifications were exhausted or disease had weakened the defenders to the point that Siege were willing to surrender .
 Siege   to surrender  

 Still , detractors such as Eric Lenneberg , Noam Chomsky and Steven Pinker have criticized him for not being sufficiently clear in his formulation of how he meant language influences thought , and for not providing actual proof for his conjectures .
 language influences   thought  

 Other variants were the night fighter A6M5d-S ( modified for night combat , armed with one 20 mm Type 99 cannon , inclined back to the pilot 's cockpit ) and A6M5-K `` Zero-Reisen '' ( model l22 ) tandem trainer version , also manufactured by Mitsubishi .
 the night fighter   inclined back  

 After all parties had been financially drained , Frederick II let his ally , King Zygmunt II August , know that he was ready for peace .
 all parties   had been financially drained  

 The cyclic reaction is similar to that of the non-cyclic , but differs in the form that Photosynthesis generates only ATP , and no reduced NADP ( NADPH ) is created .
 The cyclic reaction   differs  

 Edwards says of Peter Sellers mental state at the time of The Pink Panther Strikes Again , `` If you went to an asylum and you described the first inmate you saw , that 's what Peter Sellers had become .
 Peter Sellers   had become  

 `` For a stone projected is by the pressure of Mass own weight forced out of the rectilinear path , which by the projection alone Mass should have pursued , and made to describe a curve line in the air ; and through that crooked way is at last brought down to the ground .
 Mass   should have pursued  

 The election was sordid -- even Cato , with Julius Caesar reputation for incorruptibility , is said to have resorted to bribery in favor of one of Caesar 's opponents .
 even Cato , with Julius Caesar reputation for incorruptibility   is said  

 Pete Best is a much better drummer than he Best was '' .
 he Best   was  

 Past and present city councils have been committed to providing for the explosive population growth that is coming with the local economic boom .
 the explosive population growth   is coming  

 For instance , when hearing parents with no Sign language skills have a deaf child , an informal system of signs will naturally develop , unless repressed by the parents .
 an informal system of signs   will naturally develop  

 Recently , Lila Prap 's illustrations gained popularity in Japan where children 's ' cartoons based on her illustrations have been televised .
 children 's ' cartoons based on her illustrations   have been televised  

 These included : Rheinterrasse , Löwenbräu ( Bavarian beer restaurant ) , Grinzing ( Viennese café and wine bar ) , Bodega ( Spanish winery ) , Csarda ( Hungarian ) , Wild West Bar ( aka the Arizona Bar ) ( American ) , Osteria ( Italian ) , Kombüse ( Bremen drinking den - literally `` galley '' ) , Rübchen ( Teltow , named after the well-known turnip dish Teltower Rübchen , made with turnips grown locally in the small town of Teltow just outside Berlin ) , plus a Turkish cafe and Japanese tearoom ; additionally there was a large ballroom .
 These   included  

 Paul Robeson rapidly improved , though Paul Robeson doctor stressed that `` what little is left of Paul 's health must be quietly conserved '' .
 Paul Robeson   rapidly improved  

 In the 1980s , developing software that could function with a wide range of graphics hardware was a real challenge .
 software   could function  

 Parchment , or vellum as the best type of parchment is known had also replaced papyrus , which was not nearly so long lived and has survived to the present only in the extremely dry conditions of Egypt , although Manuscript was widely used across the Roman world .
 the best type of parchment   is known  

 In Platonic realism , universals do not exist in the way that ordinary physical objects exist , even though Plato metaphorically referred to such objects to explain his concepts .
 ordinary physical objects   exist  

 ( , 2n ) → → → + 10 Flerovium is projected to be the second member of the 7p series of chemical elements and the heaviest member of group 14 ( IVA ) in the Periodic Table , below lead .
 → → + 10 Flerovium   is projected  

 Before Judah ha-Nasi died , Rabbeinu HaKadosh said : ` Judah ha-Nasi need Judah ha-Nasi sons !
 Judah ha-Nasi   died  

 Charles X and Louis Philippe I family , including Louis Philippe I grandson , went into exile in Britain .
 I   grandson  

 As Laconia began to sink , Hartenstein surfaced in order to capture the ship 's surviving senior officers .
 Laconia   to sink  

 When K is , the ideal is principal , and if we let a be Carmichael number positive generator then the ideal is Carmichael exactly when a is a Carmichael number in the usual sense .
 K   is  

 Origen also kept a column for the Old Greek ( Septuagint ) and next to it was a critical apparatus combining readings from all the Greek versions with diacritical marks indicating to which version each line ( Gr. στἰχος ) belonged .
 each line   belonged  

 Australia has moved northwards at a rate of 7 cm per year , starting during the Cainozoic .
 Australia   has moved northwards  

 Dial M for Murder was shot with M.L. Gunzberg 's Natural Vision 3-D camera rig .
 Dial M for Murder   was shot  

 Among the female control group studied , 21.5 percent had reported practicing anal sex , a significant increase from a previous case-control study by epidemiologist Janet Daling ( PhD , member of Fred Hutchinson 's Public Health Sciences Division ) and her colleagues , published in 1987 , in which 11 percent of female controls had reported ever having anal sex .
 the female control group   studied  

 In practice , of course , many scientists ( and philosophers ) believed that a healthy mix of both was needed -- the willingness to question assumptions , yet also to interpret observations assumed to have some degree of validity .
 a healthy mix of both   was needed  

 Pakistan is the 36th largest nation by total area , although this ranking varies depending on how the disputed territory of Kashmir is counted .
 the disputed territory of Kashmir   is counted  

 No contemporary documents relating to Ealdred (bishop) time as abbot have been discovered .
 No contemporary documents relating to Ealdred (bishop) time as abbot   have been discovered  

 When the 1996 version of ` The Mismeasure of Man ' came and Stephen Jay Gould never even bothered to mention Michael 's study , Stephen Jay Gould just felt Stephen Jay Gould was a charlatan '' .
 the 1996 version of ` The Mismeasure of Man   came  

 However , when King Hussein died in February 1999 , Assad attended Hafez al-Assad funeral , after which relations between Syria and Jordan started to improve .
 relations between Syria and Jordan   started  

 Medieval and early-Renaissance song accompaniments were probably mostly improvised , hence the lack of written records .
 Medieval and early-Renaissance song accompaniments   mostly improvised  

 While appendectomy is a standard surgical procedure , Appendicitis cost has been found to vary considerably , particularly in the United States .
 Appendicitis cost   has been found  

 Characteristic of the Sahara is the date palm , which flourishes where other vegetation can scarcely maintain existence , while in the semidesert regions the acacia , from which gum arabic is obtained , is abundant .
 the date palm   flourishes  

 Scholar and music theorist Isidore of Seville , writing in the early 7th century , considered that `` unless sounds are held by the memory of man , Musical notation perish , because Musical notation can not be written down '' .
 Musical notation   can not be written down  

 The author of a series of essays on influential bands , Jim Jarmusch has also had at least two poems published .
 at least two poems   published  

 During the same period , the UN International Monitoring Group ( IMG ) published a report claiming that the Somali government 's security forces were ineffective and corrupt , and that up to half of the food aid that was destined for the conflict-stricken parts of Somalia was being misdirected .
 the food aid   was destined  

 For example , when criticized for advocating mosquito nets he argued that child survival was , `` by far one of the most powerful ways , '' to achieve fertility reduction , as this would assure poor families that the smaller number of children Human population control had would survive .
 poor families that the smaller number of children Human population control had   would survive  

 For example , to compute the elapsed time in seconds between two given UTC past dates requires consulting a table of Leap second , which needs to be updated whenever a new leap second is announced .
 consulting a table of Leap second   to be updated  

 Species with varied coloration do not do this as Beetle can not camaflouge .
 Beetle   can not camaflouge  

 ( d ) That the insurgent civil authority agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Convention .
 the insurgent civil authority   to be bound  

 Bank Negara Malaysia for the time being , uses interest rate targeting .
 interest rate   targeting  

 Bucephalus , Alexander the Great 's horse , was said to be descended from these mares .
 Bucephalus   was said  

 The term `` Old Catholic Church '' was first used in 1853 to describe the members of the See of Utrecht who did not recognize any claimed `` infallible '' papal authority .
 the members of the See of Utrecht   did not recognize  

 On 7 June 2009 , José Bové was elected to the European Parliament , as Europe Ecologie garnered over 16 % of the vote in a proportional election system .
 Europe Ecologie   garnered  

 Most white people in the South were not throwing bombs and causing havoc ... I think the book really helped them come to understand what was wrong with the system in the way that any number of treatises could never do , because To Kill a Mockingbird was popular art , because To Kill a Mockingbird was told from a child 's point of view '' .
 any number of treatises   could never do  

 In 1978 Nastassja Kinski starred in Italian romance Stay As You Are ( Cosi come sei ) with Marcello Mastroianni , New Line Cinema released it in the United States in December 1979 , helping Nastassja Kinski to get more recognition there .
 You   Are  

 The first flight with passengers after the accident took place on 11 September 2001 , landing shortly before the World Trade Center attacks in the United States .
 the accident   landing  

 When Cotton Mather died , Cotton Mather had an abundance of unfinished writings left behind , including one entitled The Biblia Americana .
 Cotton Mather   died  

 This result was a surprise given the transport time of the product atoms is ~ 2 s , so flerovium atoms should decay before adsorption .
 a surprise   given  

 These writers , late as they are , were among the best sources from whom Porphyry and Iamblichus drew , besides the legendary accounts and their own inventions .
 These writers   were  

 Also of note , side-swords used in conjunction with bucklers became so popular that Sword caused the term swashbuckler to be coined .
 the term swashbuckler   to be coined  

 The distances and speeds that Peary claimed to have achieved once the last support party turned back seem incredible to many people , almost three times that which he had accomplished up to that point .
 Peary   claimed  

 That Mass does is merely an empirical fact .
 That Mass   does  

 Where the heterozygote is indistinguishable from one of the homozygotes , the allele involved is said to be dominant to the other , which is said to be recessive to the former .
 the allele   involved  

 In Priority queue , the priority of each inserted element is monotonically decreasing ; thus , the first element inserted is always the first retrieved .
 the first   retrieved  

 As Johannes Rau personal motto , Rau adopted the Confessing Church dictum `` teneo , quia teneor '' ( Johannes Rau hold because Johannes Rau am held ) .
 Johannes Rau   am held  

 Operating under a new electoral law written unilaterally by the governing parties over strong criticism from the parliamentary opposition , the April 2006 general election was held .
 the April 2006 general election   was held  

 To distinguish the masculine `` La Malinche '' from the feminine , the prefix `` La Malinche '' gives the name by which the historical and legendary figure is best known : La Malinche .
 the historical and legendary figure   best known  

 Once the bombing and shelling had largely ceased , the ground invasion began as Soviet forces stormed the centre of Berlin street by street , building by building , aiming to capture the Reich Chancellery and other key symbols of the Nazi government .
 the bombing   shelling  

 Subsequent statistical tests have suggested that chess performance is almost certainly not distributed as a normal distribution , as weaker players have significantly ( but not highly significantly ) greater winning chances than Elo 's model predicts .
 Elo 's model   predicts  

 The first third-party client was called `` DClite '' , which never fully supported the file sharing aspects of Direct Connect (file sharing) .
 file   sharing  

 In doing so , the gap that exists between informal requirements from users , operators , marketing organizations , and technical specifications is successfully bridged .
 the gap that exists between informal requirements from users , operators , marketing organizations , and technical specifications   is successfully bridged  

 As mentioned , a ( debated ) approach explains the etymology of word `` shaman '' as meaning `` one who knows '' .
 one   knows  

 The number g of tori involved is called the genus of Surface .
 tori   involved  

 Panspermia is not meant to address how life began , just the method that may cause Panspermia sustenance .
 Panspermia   is not meant  

 Roosevelt , who had traveled 7,000 miles to attend and whose health had already started deteriorating , was met by Stalin ; this being the first time that they had met .
 Roosevelt   had traveled 7,000 miles to attend  

 The suggestion was vetoed by King George V , not only because of Oliver Cromwell personal feelings but because Oliver Cromwell felt , given the anger caused by the erection of the statue outside Parliament , to give such a name to an expensive warship at a time of Irish political unrest was unwise .
 Oliver Cromwell   felt  

 Veronica Lake was six months pregnant at the beginning of production , a fact she did n't tell Sturges until filming began .
 filming   began  

 Because the house is assumed to have been thoroughly cleaned by the night before Passover , there is some concern that making a blessing over the search for chametz will be for naught ( bracha l'vatala ) if nothing is found .
 the house   is assumed  

 What was perhaps most significant for the LXX , as distinct from other Greek versions , was that the LXX began to lose Jewish sanction after differences between Septuagint and contemporary Hebrew scriptures were discovered ( see above ) .
 differences between Septuagint and contemporary Hebrew scriptures   were discovered  

 When the northern provinces of the Netherlands revolted , the archdiocese fell , with the overthrow of the Spanish power .
 the northern provinces of the Netherlands   revolted  

 Studies looking at gene activation in vivo and , more astonishingly , remodelling in vitro have revealed that chromatin remodeling events and transcription-factor binding are cyclical and periodic in nature .
 transcription-factor   binding  

 This echoes nicely with Augustine of Hippo conversion which also involved a garden later in life .
 This   echoes nicely  

 An example is the 'M ' series of high-speed steels such as M2 , M4 and M42 as substitution for the ` T ' steel series , which contain tungsten .
 the ` T ' steel series   tungsten  

 , VIII , 23 ) says : `` de Eusebio qui vulgo dicitur episcopus Alexandræ incerta omnia '' ( Concerning Eusebius , commonly called bishop of Alexandria there is nothing sure ) .
 VIII   says  

 The treasury surplus carefully accumulated by Charles V was quickly squandered .
 The treasury surplus carefully accumulated by Charles V   was quickly squandered  

 The elements , or parts , can include people , hardware , software , facilities , policies , documents : all things required to produce system-level results .
 all things   required  

 The ego develops slowly and gradually , being concerned with mediating between the urgings of the id and the realities of the external world ; Psychoanalysis thus operates on the ` reality principle ' .
 The ego   develops slowly  

 The Captain America title continued from issue 620 featuring team up stories with Bucky ( Captain America is a regular character in Uncanny Avengers ( 2012 ) , beginning with issue 1 as part of Marvel NOW !
 The Captain America title   continued  

 Targ and Puthoff both believed that Uri Geller , retired police commissioner Pat Price and artist Ingo Swann all had genuine psychic abilities .
 Uri Geller   retired  

 ; Tuan Jim ( Lord Jim , 1900 ) , having inadvertently precipitated a massacre of Joseph Conrad adoptive community , deliberately walks to Joseph Conrad death at the hands of the community 's leader ; in Conrad 's 1901 short story , `` Amy Foster '' , a Pole transplanted to England , Yanko Goorall ( an English transliteration of the Polish Janko Góral , `` Johnny Highlander '' ) , falls ill and , suffering from a fever , raves in Joseph Conrad native language , frightening Joseph Conrad wife Amy , who flees : next morning Yanko dies of heart failure , and it transpires that Joseph Conrad had simply been asking in Polish for water ; Captain Whalley ( The End of the Tether , 1902 ) , betrayed by failing eyesight and an unscrupulous partner , drowns Joseph Conrad ; Gian ' Battista Fidanza , the eponymous respected Italian-immigrant Nostromo ( Italian : `` Our Man '' ) of the novel Nostromo ( 1904 ) , illicitly obtains a treasure of silver mined in the South American country of `` Costaguana '' and is shot dead due to mistaken identity ; Mr. Verloc , The Secret Agent ( 1906 ) of divided loyalties , attempts a bombing , to be blamed on terrorists , that accidentally kills Joseph Conrad mentally defective brother-in-law Stevie , and Verloc himself is killed by his distraught wife , who drowns herself by jumping overboard from a channel steamer ; in Chance ( 1913 ) , Roderick Anthony , a sailing-ship captain , and benefactor and husband of Flora de Barral , becomes the target of a poisoning attempt by her jealous disgraced financier father who , when detected , swallows the poison himself and dies ( some years later , Captain Anthony drowns at sea ) ; in Victory ( 1915 ) , Lena is shot dead by Jones , who had meant to kill his accomplice Ricardo and later succeeds in doing so , then himself perishes along with another accomplice , after which Lena 's protector Axel Heyst sets fire to his bungalow and dies beside Lena 's body .
 eponymous   respected  

 Frankel proved that no Jewish doctrine justified such an assumption , and owing to Zecharias Frankel work a new regulation ( 13 February 1840 ) put the Jews on the same basis as Christians as regards testimony in court .
 owing to Zecharias Frankel   work  

 The lines of these sermons would come to influence future works of English literature , such as Ernest Hemingway 's For Whom the Bell Tolls , which took its title from a passage in of Devotions upon Emergent Occasions , and Thomas Merton 's No Man is an Island , which took its title from the same source .
 The lines of these sermons   would come  

 The level of chemical purity needed is extremely high because the presence of impurities even in very small proportions can have large effects on the properties of Semiconductor .
 chemical purity   needed  

 Powell in turn replaced Pat Hughes , who departed to do play-by-play for the Cubs on WGN in 1996 .
 Pat Hughes   to do  

 Abu Nidal brush with Iraqi intelligence apart , Abu Nidal was also believed to have been suffering from leukemia .
 Abu Nidal   was also believed  

 Means of consumption has greatly expanded in scope as new methods of delivering the active substances with fewer by-products have encompassed or are beginning to encompass : The active substances in tobacco , especially cigarettes , are administered by burning the leaves and inhaling the vaporised gas that results .
 the vaporised gas   results  

 With all the necessary components delivered to Tinian , bomb unit L11 was chosen , and the final Little Boy weapon was assembled and ready by August 1 .
 bomb unit L11   was chosen  

 Ximénez states the number of weapons The Spanish Inquisition (Monty Python) have ( `` Our two/three/four weapons are ... '' ) , then lists one more than he had counted , before starting over using a higher number .
 he   had counted  

 While Mai seems to have established the existence of a Eusebius of Alexandria who lived in the fifth century , it had been objected than neither the name of Eusebius or his successor Alexander , appears in the list of the occupants of that ancient see .
 it   had been objected  

 In 1997 , just thirteen years after the National Stadium had opened , it was considered too small and did not have the facilities required of the time and it was demolished and a new stadium , the Millennium Stadium , was built in Cardiff Arms Park place ( completed to a north-south alignment and opened in June 1999 ) .
 the facilities   required  

 Conferences in the field of natural language processing , such as ACL , NAACL , EMNLP , and HLT , are beginning to include papers on speech processing .
 Conferences in the field of natural language processing , such as ACL , NAACL , EMNLP , and HLT   are beginning  

 While there Julius Caesar is said to have encountered a statue of Alexander the Great , and realized with dissatisfaction Julius Caesar was now at an age when Alexander had the world at Julius Caesar feet , while Julius Caesar had achieved comparatively little .
 Julius Caesar   is said  

 The Commonwealth forces practised a number of deceptions in the months before the battle to confuse the Axis command , not only as to the exact whereabouts of the forthcoming battle , but as to when the battle was likely to occur .
 the battle   to occur  

 Since human habitation began , about 80 % of the lowland rain forests has been lost .
 human habitation   began  

 The Governor-General of the Commonwealth of Australia , being the representative in Australia of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth the Second , requests all those whom Passport may concern to allow the bearer , an Australian Citizen , to pass freely without let or hindrance and to afford him or her every assistance and protection of which he or she may stand in need .
 the bearer   to pass freely  

 Business Premier fares also slightly undercut air fares on similar routes , targeted at regular business travellers .
 similar routes   targeted  

 The Counts of Holland and Guelders , between whose territories the lands of Bishopric of Utrecht lay , also sought to acquire influence over the filling of the episcopal see .
 the lands of Bishopric of Utrecht   lay  

 Myths intended to be taken as true must have Scientific method elements assumed a priori , while science requires testing and validation a posteriori before ideas are accepted .
 ideas   are accepted  

 As conditions deteriorated for the Dakota , tensions rose , leading to the Dakota War of 1862 .
 tensions   rose  

 The next city to be created was Lancaster as part of the coronation celebrations of King George VI .
 The next city   to be created  

 On 10 February 1567 , the bodies of Henry and Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley valet were discovered in the orchard of Kirk o ' Field , in Edinburgh , where they had been staying .
 they   had been staying  

 Textile industry in Bombay largely disappeared after the massive 1982 Great Bombay Textile Strike , in which nearly 250,000 workers in more than 50 textile mills went on strike .
 nearly 250,000 workers in more than 50 textile mills   went  

 The pioneering submarine designer Simon Lake credited Jules Verne inspiration to Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea , and Jules Verne autobiography begins `` Jules Verne was in a sense the director-general of Jules Verne life '' .
 Jules Verne autobiography   begins  

 The context of the prayer in Matthew is a discourse deploring people who pray ostentatiously : Jesus instructs his listeners to pray in the manner prescribed in Lord's Prayer .
 his listeners   to pray  

 For example , a server using IP-based geolocation to restrict Proxy server service to a certain country can be accessed using a proxy located in that country to access the service .
 a server using IP-based geolocation to restrict Proxy server service to a certain country   can be accessed  

 For example , suppose that the important design requirements are displayed visually ; then , in response to a user 's change in trial values for parameters , the curves describing the design change shape , and Microsoft Excel points of intersection shift , assisting the selection of the best design .
 the important design requirements   are displayed visually  

 The head would add 5 -- 15 cm depending on type , though some 2 -- 4.5 cm must be allowed for the insertion of the shaft into the socket .
 some 2 -- 4.5 cm   must be allowed  

 Between 1570 and 1573 an east gable was erected , closing the east end of the former nave , all but two of the windows in the nave were blocked up , the royal tombs were removed to a new royal burial vault in the south aisle and the old east end was demolished .
 all but two of the windows in the nave   were blocked up  

 Although David Attenborough was rejected for this job , David Attenborough CV later attracted the interest of Mary Adams , head of the Talks ( factual broadcasting ) department of the BBC 's fledgling television service .
 David Attenborough   was rejected  

 Once the bombing and shelling had largely ceased , the ground invasion began as Soviet forces stormed the centre of Berlin street by street , building by building , aiming to capture the Reich Chancellery and other key symbols of the Nazi government .
 the bombing and shelling   had largely ceased  

 Other dramatic Optics phenomena associated with this include the Novaya Zemlya effect where the sun appears to rise earlier than predicted with a distorted shape .
 the sun   appears  

 As the ice retreated , vast amounts of glacial till were deposited throughout the Puget Sound region .
 the ice   retreated  

 When the Post refused , the U.S. Justice Department sought another injunction .
 the Post   refused  

 Camille Pissarro `` headstrong courage and a tenacity to undertake and sustain the career of an artist '' , writes Joachim Pissarro , was due to Camille Pissarro `` lack of fear of the immediate repercussions '' of Camille Pissarro stylistic decisions .
 a tenacity   to undertake  

 Some forms in Neijia are performed slowly , although some include sudden outbursts of explosive movements ( fa jin ) , such as those the Chen style of Taijiquan is famous for teaching earlier than some other styles ( e.g.
 Some forms in Neijia   are performed slowly  

 A survey in , conducted by TNS Opinion and Social on behalf of the European Commission , showed that , for the European Union overall , those who think that Euroscepticism country 's interests are looked after well in the EU are now in a minority ( 42 % ) .
 those   think  

 A current study tested the relation of adolescent smoking to rules regulating where adults are allowed to smoke in the home .
 adults   are allowed  

 When the Fir Bolg were defeated , the Tuatha Dé Danann were so touched by the courage of their enemy that they would give them a quarter of Ireland .
 the Fir Bolg   were defeated  

 Though Theresa Helburn , codirector of the Theatre Guild , suggested Shirley Temple as Laurey and Groucho Marx as Ali Hakim , Rodgers and Hammerstein , with director Rouben Mammoulian 's support , insisted that performers more dramatically appropriate for the roles be cast .
 performers more dramatically appropriate for the roles   be cast  

 An electron which enters the channeltron is accelerated to the wall , where X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy removes more electrons , in such a way that an electron avalanche is created , until a measurable current pulse is obtained .
 an electron avalanche   is created  

 The tower remained until c. 1936 , when it was removed to allow for excavations for the new S-Bahn line ( on 26 September 1997 , a replica of the tower was erected , just for show , close to Potsdamer Platz original location by Siemens , to celebrate the company 's 150th anniversary .
 a replica of the tower   was erected  

 Pin 28 of the gray ( slave/middle ) connector of an 80 conductor cable is not attached to any conductor of the cable .
 Pin 28 of the gray ( slave/middle ) connector of an 80 conductor cable   is not attached  

 The earliest signs of human settlement in present-day Slovenia were found in the Pekel cave in the Loza Woods near Orehek in Inner Carniola , where two stone tools approximately 250,000 years old were recovered .
 two stone tools approximately 250,000 years old   were recovered  

 Excessive utilization caused earlier than expected equipment replacement when Naval aviation funds were limited , making them an easy target for budget-driven decision makers .
 Naval aviation funds   limited  

 Between 1 January to 18 November 2011 , the Bulgarian council for citizenship considered 22,241 applications for citizenship , of which 13,607 were approved .
 of which 13,607   were approved  

 The account goes as follows : `` The cardinals dallied with their duty until March 1314 , ( exact day is disputed by scholars ) when , on a scaffold in front of Notre Dame , Jacques de Molay , Templar Grand Master , Geoffroi de Charney , Master of Normandy , Hugues de Peraud , Visitor of France , and Godefroi de Gonneville , Master of Aquitaine , were brought forth from the jail in which for nearly seven years they had lain , to receive the sentence agreed upon by the cardinals , in conjunction with the Archbishop of Sens and some other prelates whom they had called in .
 they   had lain  

 For example the axiom of choice implies that when the size under consideration is the ordinary notion of length for subsets of the real line , then there exist sets for which no size exists , for example , the Vitali sets .
 the Vitali   sets  

 Puget Sound was founded in 1845 by Americans who had come via the Oregon Trail .
 Americans   had come  

 Garfunkel again left the music scene during which time Art Garfunkel father died , leading further into depression .
 Art Garfunkel father   died  

 An active attitude control system ( ACS ) is essential for a sail craft to achieve and maintain a desired orientation .
 a sail craft   to achieve  

 This being given , Henry declared John Fisher satisfied , leaving it to the Commons to declare that the explanation was inadequate , so that John Fisher appeared as a magnanimous sovereign , instead of Fisher 's enemy .
 John Fisher   satisfied  

 Rutherford , who was 70 years old when the first film was made , insisted that she wear her own clothes during the filming of the movie , as well as having her real-life husband , Stringer Davis appear alongside her as Miss Marple ` Mr Stringer ' .
 the first film   was made  

 As Pacific Ocean approaches the Chilean coast , the South Equatorial Current divides ; one branch flows around Cape Horn and the other turns north to form the Peru or Humboldt Current .
 the South Equatorial Current   divides  

 A similar fate befell Serbia and Montenegro anthem and coat-of-arms to be ; the above-mentioned Article 23 also stipulated that a law determining the State Union 's flag and anthem was to be passed by the end of 2003 .
 Serbia and Montenegro anthem and coat-of-arms   to be  

 Though the female and the male look alike , Locust can be distinguished by looking at the end of Locust abdomens .
 Locust   can be distinguished  

 The only exception to this was that , if a book was out of print for more than 6 months and the publisher ignored a warning to make Statute of Anne available , the copyright would be released and other publishers would be permitted to copy Statute of Anne .
 the copyright   would be released  

 Although Keats and John Keats family seem to have marked John Keats birthday on 29 October , baptism records give the date as the 31st .
 Keats and John Keats family   seem  

 Churchill was said to have reported that the British navy had in fact , been defeated ; the motive was supposed to be that when this news was flashed , the prices of British securities would tumble on the world 's stock exchanges , allowing a group of named Jewish financiers to snap them up cheaply .
 this news   was flashed  

 Church attendance had dwindled and the political climate had changed ; as Bern and Geneva quarrelled over land , their alliance frayed .
 Church attendance   had dwindled  

 When additional information is needed before a study can be reproduced , the author of the study is expected to provide Scientific method promptly .
 the author of the study   is expected  

 In the first round , the candidate who wins the majority of votes ( 50 % of the total number of votes cast ) will be elected , providing that the number of votes won is not less than 1/3 of the total number of registered voters in the constituency .
 votes   won  

 As Tony Sloman wrote in 1999 , `` As the varied likes of David Lean , Robert Wise , Terence Fisher and Dorothy Arzner have proved , the cutting rooms are easily the finest grounding for film direction '' .
 the varied likes of David Lean , Robert Wise , Terence Fisher and Dorothy Arzner   have proved  

 Several accounts of the sinking have been preserved that describe the incident but the only confirmed eyewitness account is the testimony of a surviving Flemish crewman written down by the Holy Roman Emperor 's ambassador François van der Delft in a letter dated .
 Several accounts of the sinking   have been preserved  

 Before the twenty slave girls were distributed among the Spanish captains to serve them in `` grinding corn '' , Cortés insisted that they be baptized .
 they   be baptized  

 Current researchers such as Lera Boroditsky , John A. Lucy and Stephen C. Levinson believe that language influences thought , but in more limited ways than the broadest early claims .
 language influences   thought  

 However , Indian merchants continued to trade in the port cities of the Somali peninsula , which was free from Roman interference .
 Indian merchants   continued  

 Judaism holds that Salvation do not need personal salvation as Christians believe .
 Christians   believe  

 In August 1981 , Cold Chisel began work on the album Circus Animals , again with Opitz producing .
 Opitz   producing  

 In 1958 the entire surface required relaying after the Commonwealth Games had finished .
 the Commonwealth Games   had finished  

 One of the most important judgments the navigator must make is the best method to use .
 the best method   to use  

 In 2006 , The Baltimore Sun reported that the NSA was at risk of electrical overload because of insufficient internal electrical infrastructure at Fort Meade to support the amount of equipment being installed .
 the amount of equipment   being installed  

 One of the reasons why this speech was so admired was the passage on Lord Bathurst ( 1684 -- 1775 ) .
 this speech   was so admired  

 After the plant closed , Marshall Islands was taken over by the government , which had been the guarantor of a $ 2 million loan to the business .
 the plant   closed  

 The period after orgasm ( known as a refractory period ) is often a relaxing experience , attributed to the release of the neurohormones oxytocin and prolactin , as well as endorphins ( or `` endogenous morphine '' ) .
 the release of the neurohormones   oxytocin  

 T'ai chi ch ` uan / Tai chi chuan is formed by the combination of three hanzi : ( Hanzi -- Wade-Giles / Pinyin -- Meaning ) Despite having a single Chinese spelling , 太極拳 , there are two different spellings in English usage , one derived from the Wade-Giles and the other from the Pinyin transliteration , with the West mostly being familiar with the Wade-Giles , t ` ai chi ch ` uan .
 T'ai chi   ch  

 After The Big Parade ends , Jim goes home to America .
 The Big Parade   ends  

 The advantages of using northern blotting include the detection of RNA size , the observation of alternate splice products , the use of probes with partial homology , the quality and quantity of RNA can be measured on the gel prior to blotting , and the membranes can be stored and reprobed for years after blotting .
 the membranes   can be stored  

 On 7 September Samuel Pepys went to Paul 's Wharf and saw the ruins of St Paul 's cathedral , of Samuel Pepys old school , of Samuel Pepys father 's house , and of the house in which Samuel Pepys had had Samuel Pepys stone removed .
 Samuel Pepys stone   removed  

 Although the review in the New York Times called Sullivan's Travels `` the most brilliant picture yet this year '' and praised Sturges 's mix of escapist fun with underlying significance , the Hollywood Reporter said that it lacked the `` down to earth quality and sincerity which made Sturges 's other three pictures a joy to behold '' and that `` Sturges ... fails to heed the message that writer Sturges proves in his script .
 it   lacked  

 In September 1983 , Walter Day , chief scorekeeper at Twin Galaxies , took the US National Video Game Team on a tour of the East Coast to visit video game players who claimed they could get through the Split-Screen Level .
 they   could get  

 The immunity enjoyed by witnesses began also to be whittled down or interfered with by the parliament in England in 1540 with subornation of perjury and , in 1562 , with perjury proper .
 The immunity enjoyed by witnesses   to be whittled down  

 Usually a city would surrender ( with no honour lost ) when Siege inner lines of defence were reached by the attacker .
 no honour   lost  

 Peter Falk also studied with Eva Le Gallienne , who was giving an acting class at the White Barn Theatre in Westport , Connecticut .
 Peter Falk   studied  

 QED was acquired by the semiconductor manufacturer PMC-Sierra in August 2000 , the latter company continuing to invest in the MIPS architecture .
 the latter company   continuing  

 Falwell found the Vietnam war problematic because Jerry Falwell felt it was being fought with `` limited political objectives , '' when it should have been an all out war against the North .
 it   was being fought  

 At about the same time , Frédéric Sauvage and John Ericsson applied for patents on vaguely similar , although less efficient shortened-screw Propeller , leading to an apparently permanent controversy as to who the official inventor is among those three men .
 although less efficient shortened-screw Propeller   leading  

 In addition , 10 million denars from the budget of the year were reserved .
 10 million denars from the budget of the year   were reserved  

 The number of officials under state exemptions appointed by state Governor patronage expanded significantly .
 The number of officials under state exemptions   expanded significantly  

 Once he has established his preeminence in Metropolis , Lex Luthor takes vengeance on Griggs , secretly hiring him to assassinate Frank Berkowitz , the city 's popular four-term mayor , who refuses to knuckle under to Lex Luthor dominance , then personally killing him once the deed is done .
 the deed   is done  

 Like Pablo Picasso 's innovative reinventions of painting and sculpture in the early 20th century via cubism and constructed sculpture , Pollock redefined the way art gets made .
 art   gets made  

 Coulter summarizes , `` The American Revolution had Confederate States of America Washington ; the Southern Revolution had its Davis ... one succeeded and the other failed '' .
 the other   failed  

 The Adventures of Pinocchio gets a job doing work for a farmer , whose donkey is dying .
 a farmer   is dying  

 Patrick Stewart was reluctant to sign the standard contract of six years but did so as Patrick Stewart , Patrick Stewart agent , and others Stewart consulted with , all believed that the new show would quickly fail and Patrick Stewart would return to Patrick Stewart London stage career after making some money .
 the new show   would quickly fail  

 In the N-terminal extremity of the catalytic domain there is a glycine-rich stretch of residues in the vicinity of a lysine amino acid , which has been shown to be involved in ATP binding .
 a lysine amino acid   has been shown  

 After each step in the process the besiegers would ask the Siege to surrender .
 the Siege   to surrender  

 Rehearsals began in January 1965 with a six-week tour culminating in a West End debut planned .
 a West End debut   planned  

 Roderigo calls Othello ` the thicklips ' , which seems to refer to European conceptions of Sub-Saharan African physiognomy , but Honigmann counters that , as these comments are all intended as insults by the characters , they need not be taken literally .
 Honigmann   counters  

 Many modern navies make extensive use of Shotgun by personnel engaged in boarding hostile ships , as any shots fired will almost certainly be over a short range .
 any shots   fired  

 Even so , the term `` the black man '' was used for centuries in reference to the Devil , up until contemporary times when `` black man '' was used to replace the term `` Negro '' and the satanic sense was lost .
 the satanic sense   was lost  

 This would seem to hold true , for example , if one analysed the games of a grandmaster on the ICC : one can find a string of games of opponents who are all over 3100 .
 This   would seem  

 Peter Singer offered the protesters the opportunity to explain why Peter Singer should not be allowed to speak .
 Peter Singer   to speak  

 Gould continued these demonstrations until the policy was revoked .
 the policy   was revoked  

 Because Peter Sellers mother did not allow Sellers to go , Peter Sellers formal education ended at fourteen .
 Sellers   to go  

 Gangleri ( described earlier in the book as King Gylfi in disguise ) asks High who the horse Sleipnir belongs to and what there is to tell about it .
 the horse   belongs  

 Along Battle of Vimy Ridge , the German forces spent two years constructing fortifications designed in accordance with the old doctrine of rigid defence .
 fortifications   designed  

 Aeschylus 's work was so respected by the Athenians that after Aeschylus death , Aeschylus were the only tragedies allowed to be restaged in subsequent competitions .
 the only tragedies   allowed  

 The big O notation means that , for example , elliptic curve primality proving requires a time that is bounded by a factor ( not depending on n , but on ε ) times log5 + ε ( n ) .
 elliptic curve primality   proving  

 The dead were reported to include Hanna Gaddafi , a baby girl Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi and Abu Nidal wife had adopted , though Melman writes this was regarded as propaganda by some journalists .
 The dead   were reported  

 In the army all officers are at least trained to lead a platoon .
 all officers   at least trained  

 The variety of names from historiographic texts that refer to the Slavs , such as the Antes , Sclaveni , and Venethi , in addition to the locales and regions which Slavic peoples at one point or another occupied , makes Slavic peoples laborious to establish a geographical boundary for major Slavic settlement .
 another   occupied  

 Although Irene of Athens appears to have come from a noble family , there is no clear reason why Irene of Athens would have been chosen as Leo 's bride , leading some scholars to speculate that Irene of Athens was selected in a bride-show , in which eligible women were paraded before the bridegroom until one was finally selected .
 Irene of Athens   appears  

 Peter Sellers had so much talent , it just oozed out of him '' ; in dark humour , referring to the missed dinner the Goons had planned , Peter Sellers added , `` Anything to avoid paying for dinner '' .
 Peter Sellers   added  

 The narrator argues that each of these is a false Good ; each desired thing is shown to be not good in Satires (Juvenal) , but only good so long as other factors do not intervene .
 each desired thing   is shown  

 Sideshow seemed destined for oblivion , until only a few exemplars of Sideshow remained .
 only a few exemplars of Sideshow   remained  

 The published medical literature contains reports of 26 deaths since 1934 following chiropractic manipulations and many more seem to remain unpublished .
 reports of 26 deaths since 1934 following chiropractic manipulations and many more   seem  

 Fernandel first Hollywood motion picture was 1956 's Around the World in Eighty Days in which Fernandel played David Niven 's coachman .
 Fernandel first Hollywood motion picture   was  

 Robert Schumann 's piano suite Kreisleriana ( 1838 ) has its title from one of Hoffmann 's books ( and according to Charles Rosen 's The Romantic Generation , is possibly also inspired by `` The Life and Opinions of Tomcat Murr '' , in which Kreisler appears ) .
 Kreisler   appears  

 Sustainable development can be -- ( a ) Double Cropping ( the practice where the second crop is planted after the first has been harvested ) ; ( b ) Relay Cropping ( the practice where a second crop is started along with the first one , before it is harvested ) .
 it   is harvested  

 The Battle of Yellow Tavern occurred May 11 , at an abandoned inn located six miles ( 10 km ) north of Richmond .
 an abandoned inn   located  

 When the ball is finished , the female lays eggs inside Beetle , a form of mass provisioning .
 the ball   is finished  

 However , after nearly three years of raids by the Sahrawi guerrillas of the Polisario Front , Mauritania 's economic and political stability began to crumble .
 Mauritania 's economic and political stability   to crumble  

 By mid-1942 , the RAAF was able to obtain some USAAF replacement shipments ; Curtiss P-40 Warhawk was given the RAAF designation A-29 .
 Curtiss P-40 Warhawk   was given  

 The role of the council is gradually expanding as Politics of Saudi Arabia gains experience .
 The role of the council   is gradually expanding  

 The loud bang that is heard is the super heated air around the lightning bolt expanding at the speed of sound .
 The loud bang   is heard  

 A better approximation is Rosser 's theorem states that pn is larger than n ln n .
 Rosser 's theorem states   pn  

 On May 29 , 2009 , Oscar the Grouch appeared in an ABC television special on economics called .
 economics   called  

 The brightest stars in the night sky were said to be of first magnitude ( m = 1 ) , while the faintest were of sixth magnitude ( m = 6 ) , the limit of human visual perception ( without the aid of a telescope ) .
 The brightest stars in the night sky   were said  

 Although stimulus-response mechanisms are the easiest to understand , Nervous system is also capable of controlling the body in ways that do not require an external stimulus , by means of internally generated rhythms of activity .
 the easiest   to understand  

 Atari also cloned the Atari 3200 into the Sears Super Arcade II , but this was never released .
 this   was never released  

 The National Military Academy of Afghanistan was built to provide future officers , it is modeled after the United States Military Academy at West Point , New York .
 it   is modeled  

 In Maltese folktales the local variant of the classic closing formula , `` and Malta all lived happily ever after '' is `` u għammru u tgħammru , u spiċċat '' ( and Malta lived together , and Malta had children together , and the tale is finished ) .
 the tale   is finished  

 Naked News , billing Naked News as `` the program with nothing to hide '' , is a subscription website featuring a real television newscast .
 nothing   to hide  

 Unfortunately , as this software was not developed by Expert system own Expert system developers , GSI-TECSI was unable to make Expert system evolve .
 Expert system   evolve  

 After Flodden , Borthwick continued his work , producing an unknown number of guns , of which none survive .
 none   survive  

 The region ( locus ) of a chromosome that encodes an antibody is large and contains several distinct genes for each domain of the antibody -- the locus containing heavy chain genes ( IGH @ ) is found on chromosome 14 , and the loci containing lambda and kappa light chain genes ( IGL @ and IGK @ ) are found on chromosomes 22 and 2 in humans .
 a chromosome   encodes  

 Many manuscripts survive , but only P ( the Codex Pithoeanus Montepessulanus ) , a 9th-century manuscript based on an edition prepared in the 4th century by a pupil of Servius Honoratus , the grammarian , is reasonably reliable .
 Many manuscripts   survive  

 Feeling that Gardenback was `` wrecked '' , David Lynch instead set about on a new film , which David Lynch called Eraserhead .
 that Gardenback   wrecked  

 Richard Crossman , the British Deputy Director of Psychological Warfare Division ( PWD ) for the Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force ( SHAEF ) during the Second World War said `` In propaganda truth pays ... It is a complete delusion to think of the brilliant propagandist as being a professional liar .
 In propaganda truth   pays  

 In particular the so-called Plague of Justinian had ravaged the region and conflict remained endemic , with the Three-Chapter Controversy sparking religious opposition and administration at a standstill after the able governor of the peninsula , Narses , was recalled .
 the Three-Chapter Controversy   sparking  

 The Chiefs upset the Raiders in Oakland 17 -- 7 in American Football League Championship , the final AFL game played .
 the final AFL game   played  

 However , some games , such as the Halo series , ( except for Halo PC and Custom Edition , which allow AI and custom objects and characters ) , allow filming only through puppetry .
 Halo PC and Custom Edition   allow  

 Long sequences of alternating glycine and alanine have been shown to inhibit substrate unfolding decreasing the efficiency of proteasomal degradation ; this results in the release of partially degraded byproducts , possibly due to the decoupling of the ATP hydrolysis and unfolding steps .
 Long sequences of alternating glycine and alanine   have been shown  

 Despite the enormous power of the Propaganda Ministry over German cultural life , Joseph Goebbels ' status began to decline once the Nazi regime was firmly established in power .
 Joseph Goebbels ' status   began  

 In February 2008 Clapton performed with Eric Clapton long-time friend Steve Winwood at Madison Square Garden and guested on Eric Clapton recorded single , `` Dirty City '' , on Winwood 's album Nine Lives .
 Dirty City '' , on Winwood 's album   Lives  

 This confusion apparently arose because of the perceived swarming habit of Magicicada , which in fact is a misunderstanding ; Magicicada does not swarm in the sense that polyphenic locusts do .
 polyphenic locusts   do  

 The most successful type of structure prediction , known as homology modeling , relies on the existence of a `` template '' structure with sequence similarity to the protein being modeled ; structural genomics ' goal is to provide sufficient representation in solved structures to model most of those that remain .
 the protein   being modeled  

 Alhazen followed Galen in believing that the lens was the receptive organ of sight , although some of Alhazen work hints that Alhazen thought the retina was also involved .
 the retina   was also involved  

 A course in ethics led by Dr Hartmut Kliemt at the University of Duisburg where the main text used was Singer 's Practical Ethics was , according to Peter Singer , `` subjected to organized and repeated disruption by protesters objecting to the use of the book on the grounds that in one of its ten chapters it advocates active euthanasia for severely disabled newborn infants '' .
 the main text   used  

 Zones where speeds are set at 30 kph ( or 20 mph ) are gaining popularity as Speed limit are found to be effective at reducing crashes and increasing community cohesion .
 Speed limit   are found  

 An EPROM cell is a MOS ( metal-oxide-semiconductor ) transistor that can be switched on by trapping an electric charge permanently on Programmable logic device gate electrode .
 a MOS ( metal-oxide-semiconductor ) transistor   can be switched on  

 Islamic tradition also accords Aaron the role of a patriarch , as tradition records that the priestly descent came through Aaron lineage , which included the entire House of Amran .
 the priestly descent   came  

 Mary refused to grant Darnley the Crown Matrimonial , which would have made Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley the successor to the throne if Mary died childless .
 Mary   died childless  

 Although the new licensing laws prevented new beer houses from being created , those already in existence were allowed to continue and many did not close until nearly the end of the 19th century .
 those already in existence   to continue  

 Once Propeller is removed , the splined tube can be cut away with a grinder .
 Propeller   is removed  

 One study `` suggests that a chunk of Comet 2005 NB56 caused the 5 -- 10 megaton fireball , bouncing off the atmosphere and back into orbit around the sun '' .
 the 5 -- 10 megaton fireball   bouncing  

 Bagpipes , tuned correctly , also use Just intonation .
 Bagpipes   tuned correctly  

 Dune is usually in the slacks that more rare species are developed and there is a tendency for the dune slacks soil to be waterlogged and where only marsh plants can survive .
 slacks soil   to be waterlogged  

 Although sections of the main Führerbunker were found , partially destroyed or filled in , another bunker complex was found further north that even the East German authorities had apparently missed , plus other cavities beneath land bordering the east side of Ebertstraße , although these turned out to be underground garages belonging to a former SS accommodation block .
 sections of the main Führerbunker   were found  

 What was not apparent from the western side however , was that East Berlin 's construction boasted Potsdamer Platz own illuminated display board facing east , whose messages comprised the version of the news that the Communist authorities in the east wanted their citizens to believe .
 their citizens   to believe  

 The failure to comply with this royal order was to be punished by loss of office .
 The failure to comply with this royal order   to be punished  

 Notice how the 20 × and 5 × speedup do n't have much effect on the overall speed when P1 ( 11 % ) is not sped up , and P4 ( 48 % ) is sped up only 1.6 times .
 P1   is not sped up  

 Other recent operatic parts written for Countertenor include Edgar in Aribert Reimann 's Lear ( 1978 ) , the title role in Philip Glass 's Akhnaten ( 1983 ) , Claire in John Lunn 's The Maids ( 1998 ) , the Refugee in Jonathan Dove 's Flight ( 1998 ) , and Trinculo in Thomas Adès 's The Tempest ( 2004 ) , in 2013 the Romanian countertenor Cezar Ouatu participated with his song `` It 's my life '' in the Eurovision Song Contest .
 Cezar Ouatu   participated  

 P.J. Westervelt 's seminal 1963 JASA paper summarizes the trends involved .
 the trends   involved  

 Means of consumption has greatly expanded in scope as new methods of delivering the active substances with fewer by-products have encompassed or are beginning to encompass : The active substances in tobacco , especially cigarettes , are administered by burning the leaves and inhaling the vaporised gas that results .
 The active substances in tobacco   are administered  

 The HUAC took an interest in Miller Arthur Miller not long after The Crucible opened , denying Arthur Miller a passport to attend the play 's London opening in 1954 .
 The Crucible   opened  

 When urged to enter a plea , Charles I of England stated Charles I of England objection with the words : `` Charles I of England would know by what power Charles I of England am called hither , by what lawful authority ... ?
 I of England   would know  

 In August 1865 , Lister applied a piece of lint dipped in carbolic acid solution onto the wound of an eleven-year-old boy at Glasgow Infirmary , who had sustained a compound fracture after a cart wheel had passed over Joseph Lister, 1st Baron Lister leg .
 a cart wheel   had passed  

 When Brown was hanged without incident , Booth stood in uniform near the scaffold and afterwards expressed great satisfaction with Brown 's fate , although John Wilkes Booth admired the condemned man 's bravery in facing death stoically .
 Brown   was hanged  

 That same year , Campanella hit 40 home runs in games in which Roy Campanella appeared as a catcher , a record that lasted until , when it was broken by Todd Hundley .
 a record   lasted  

 Nationally famous companies in Derbyshire are Rolls Royce , one of the world 's leading aerospace companies , based since before World War I in Derbyshire , Thorntons just south of Alfreton and Toyota , who have one of the UK 's largest car manufacturing plants at Burnaston .
 Rolls Royce   based  

 Bear in mind too , that Leia was one of the first people in the New Republic who decided Mara could be trusted , which perhaps says something about their understanding of each other '' .
 Mara   could be trusted  

 This critique associated Milton Friedman name , together with that of Edmund Phelps , with the insight that a government that brings about greater inflation can not permanently reduce unemployment by doing so .
 a government   brings  

 For a long time , Prime number were thought to have extremely limited application outside of pure mathematics ; this changed in the 1970s when the concepts of public-key cryptography were invented , in which Prime number formed the basis of the first algorithms such as the RSA cryptosystem algorithm .
 the concepts of public-key cryptography   were invented  

 The chosen drive ( built-in for later models ) is a single-sided 40-track unit that requires the user to physically remove and flip the disc to access the other side .
 the user   to physically remove  

 Microsoft Office 2001 launched in 2000 , was the last Office suite for the classic Mac OS ; Microsoft Office required Mac OS 8 , although version 8.5 or later was recommended .
 version 8.5 or later   was recommended  

 The popularity of this rendition of the Leadbelly song is due to a number of factors : its proximity to Cobain 's death , the fact that Cobain refers to Lead Belly attempt to convince David Geffen to purchase Leadbelly 's guitar for Lead Belly in an interval before the song is played ( connecting the song with Leadbelly in a way that is more palpable than the liner notes where Leadbelly appears on other albums ) , and partly due to the fact that it sold nearly 7 million copies .
 the song   is played  

 Myth , then is always an account of a `` creation '' ; Creation myth related how something was produced , began to be .
 Creation myth related   to be  

 Because E.G.C. has since accepted the Law of Thelema , a religion which claims to supersede Christianity , Apostolic succession is no longer concerned with apostolic succession deriving from Jesus .
 a religion   claims  

 In an example of another type of resonance involving orbital eccentricity , the eccentricities of Ganymede and Callisto vary with a common period of 181 years , although with opposite phases .
 the eccentricities of Ganymede and Callisto   vary  

 Others , such as Ancient Egyptians , Hittites , Persians , Babylonians , and the Mongol raids of the late 1200s , were historical ` events ' whose successive occupations were as ravaging as the effects of major earthquakes ... Like shooting stars , the various cultures shine for a brief moment before they fade out of official historical and cultural records of Palestine .
 they   fade  

 The French judges suggested the use of a firing squad for the military condemned , as is standard for military courts-martial , but this was opposed by Biddle and the Soviet judges .
 the use of a firing squad for the military   condemned  

 During Jason 's absence , Pelias thought the Argo had sunk , and this was what he told Aeson and Promachus , who committed suicide by drinking poison .
 the Argo   had sunk  

 Semi-automatic shotguns with a barrel length of less than 470 mm ( 18.5 inches ) are considered restricted and any shotgun that has been altered so Shotgun barrel length is less than 457 mm ( 18 inches ) or if Shotgun overall length is less than 660 mm ( 26 inches ) is considered prohibited .
 Semi-automatic shotguns with a barrel length of less than 470 mm   restricted  

 In the contest of wills between Hera and Zeus over whose candidate would be hero , fated to defeat the remaining creatures representing an old order and bring about the reign of the Twelve Olympians , Eurystheus was Hera 's candidate and Heracles -- though his name implies that at one archaic stage of myth-making he had carried `` Hera 's fame '' -- was the candidate of Zeus .
 hero   fated  

 Led Zeppelin 's `` Going to California '' was said to be written about Robert Plant and Jimmy Page 's infatuation with Mitchell , a claim that seems to be borne out by the fact that , in live performances , Plant often says `` Joni '' after the line `` To find a queen without a king , they say Joni Mitchell plays guitar and cries and sings '' .
 Led Zeppelin 's   was said  

 The final ten seconds are counted down , and if the time expires the player to move loses the game immediately .
 The final ten seconds   are counted down  

 During the same period , the UN International Monitoring Group ( IMG ) published a report claiming that the Somali government 's security forces were ineffective and corrupt , and that up to half of the food aid that was destined for the conflict-stricken parts of Somalia was being misdirected .
 the conflict-stricken parts of Somalia   was being misdirected  

 Julius Caesar also wrote that if Octavian died before Julius Caesar did , Marcus Junius Brutus would be the next heir in succession .
 Julius Caesar   did  

 It was visible in the small things , the almost absurd degree in which each worried about the other 's health , and the care in which they chose and wrapped each other 's birthday presents ' ; and in the large matters , the way in which Ronald willingly abandoned such a large part of J. R. R. Tolkien life in retirement to give Edith the last years in Bournemouth that J. R. R. Tolkien felt she deserved , and the degree in which she showed pride in J. R. R. Tolkien fame as an author .
 she   deserved  

 Eigruber was determined to carry out what Ernst Kaltenbrunner was determined was Hitler 's true desire -- to prevent the collection from falling into the hands of `` Bolsheviks and Jews '' by destroying it with explosives set off in the mine .
 Ernst Kaltenbrunner   determined  

 When forte is indicated , the pianist is meant to evoke a sense of wickedness , thus depicting the antagonist .
 forte   is indicated  

 suggests that lesbians are better equipped to `` teach heterosexual women '' about anal sex than gay men are .
 gay men   are  

 Once the wafers are prepared , many process steps are necessary to produce the desired semiconductor integrated circuit .
 the wafers   are prepared  

 Phyllis Coates ( Superman and the Mole Men , Adventures of Superman ) and Teri Hatcher do not participate , nor does Kate Bosworth ( whose appearance in Superman Returns occurs the year after the release of this DVD box set ) .
 Phyllis Coates   do not participate  

 During the reign of his son Henry III of England , however , Berengaria of Navarre payments were made as they were supposed to be .
 they   to be  

 The estimated number of Palestinians all over World by the end of 2005 is 10.1 million distributed as follows : 3.8 million in the Palestinian Territory ( 37.9 % ) of the total Palestinians all over World ; 1.1 million ( 11.2 % ) live in Israel ; 3.0 million ( 29.4 % ) in Jordan ; on the other hand , 462 thousands Palestinians ( 4.6 % ) live in Syria .
 10.1 million   distributed  

 The history of phonology may be traced back to the Ashtadhyayi , the Sanskrit grammar composed by in the 4th century BC .
 The history of phonology   may be traced back  

 Martin Luther 's 95 Theses were printed and circulated widely ; subsequently Johannes Gutenberg issued broadsheets outlining Johannes Gutenberg anti-indulgences position ( certificates of indulgences were one of the first items Gutenberg had printed ) .
 Martin Luther 's 95 Theses   circulated widely  

 As some 1960s-era 12-channel TV sets remained in use for many years , and Canada and Mexico were slower than the US to require UHF tuners to be factory-installed in new TVs , a market for these converters continued to exist for much of the 1970s .
 a market for these converters   continued  

 This problem was overcome by building a slightly curved facade to distract the eye .
 This problem   was overcome  

 Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky Rococo pastiches also may have offered escape into a musical world purer than Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky own , into which Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky felt Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky irresistibly drawn .
 Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky   own  

 Primers ( short DNA fragments ) containing sequences complementary to the target region along with a DNA polymerase ( after which the method is named ) are key components to enable selective and repeated amplification .
 the method   is named  

 Hindenburg disaster newsreel footage refers to the footage filmed by several newsreel companies of Hindenburg disaster newsreel footage where the zeppelin Hindenburg crashed and burned on May 6 , 1937 .
 the zeppelin Hindenburg   crashed  

 A musical child , Anton Diabelli sang in the boys ' choir at the Salzburg Cathedral where Anton Diabelli is believed to have taken music lessons with Michael Haydn .
 Anton Diabelli   is believed  

 Screened Sugar are crystalline products separated according to the size of the grains .
 crystalline products   separated  

 Certain features , marked as deprecated , could be completely disabled by requesting a forward-compatible context from the windowing system .
 Certain features   marked  

 Because the camshaft speed is nearly zero before the engine is started , an electric pump is used .
 an electric pump   is used  

 Diana McVeagh in Grove 's Dictionary finds many embryonic Elgarian touches in these pieces , but few of them are regularly played , except Salut d'Amour and ( as arranged decades later into The Wand of Youth Suites ) some of the childhood sketches .
 few of them   are regularly played  

 In July 2008 , the Chinese diplomacy asked Mugabe `` to behave '' though critics see that as a way for China to protect Foreign relations of the People's Republic of China own interests in this country should a regime change .
 Mugabe   to behave  

 One of the schemes to generate NSAPs uses E. 164 which is the addressing format describing telephone numbers .
 One of the schemes   to generate  

 Paranoid , Pelias asked Jason what he would do if confronted with the man who would be his downfall .
 he   would do  

 Carantania retained History of Slovenia internal independence until 828 when the local princes , following the anti-Frankish rebellion of Ljudevit Posavski , were deposed and gradually replaced by a Germanic ( primarily Bavarian ) ascendancy .
 the local princes , following the anti-Frankish rebellion of Ljudevit Posavski   were deposed  

 Billy Wright (loyalist) took in Billy Wright (loyalist) sister Angela 's son to be raised alongside Billy Wright (loyalist) own children when she went to live in the United States .
 she   went  

 For example , in the context of GUI software development , a class Button may inherit from both classes Rectangle ( for appearance ) and Clickable ( for functionality/input handling ) , and classes Rectangle and Clickable both inherit from the Object class .
 classes Rectangle and Clickable   inherit  

 The findings of many empirical studies support the predictions of these theories , suggesting that Language acquisition is a more complex process than many believe .
 many   believe  

 In a black hole , Naked singularity is completely enclosed by a boundary known as the event horizon , inside which the gravitational force of Naked singularity is strong enough so that light can not escape .
 light   can not escape  

 At Princeton in 1934 , Wigner introduced Eugene Wigner sister Manci to the physicist Paul Dirac , whom she married .
 she   married  

 Uncle Tom's Cabin and plays were translated into several languages ; Stowe received no money , which could have meant as much as `` three fourths of her just and legitimate wages '' .
 Uncle Tom's Cabin   plays  

 Most Protestants deny the need for this type of continuity and the historical claims involved have been severely questioned ; Eric Jay comments that the account given of the emergence of the episcopate in chapter III of Lumen Gentium `` is very sketchy , and many ambiguities in the early history of the Christian ministry are passed over '' Their reasons are given in detail below .
 the historical claims   involved  

 Traffic engineers observe that the likelihood of a crash happening is significantly higher if vehicles are traveling at speeds faster or slower than the mean speed of traffic ; when severity is taken into account the risk is lowest for those traveling at or below the median speed and `` increases exponentially for motorists driving faster '' .
 those   traveling  

 This changed after the start of the civil war , when a number of new shari'a courts began to spring up in many different cities and towns across Somalia .
 a number of new shari'a courts   began  

 In the early 7th century , the Emperor began to be called .
 the Emperor   to be called  

 Women will be allowed to vote beginning in 2012 , as King Abdullah announced in the opening speech of the new term of the Shura Council .
 Women   will be allowed  

 Throughout Didymus the Blind theology the influence of Origen is revealed , various aspects of which , particularly Didymus the Blind eschatology , must have led to the condemnation of Didymus the Blind works .
 the Blind   works  

 While the result , Warrack charges , is still `` an ingenious episodic treatment of two tunes rather than a symphonic development of them '' in the Germanic sense , Brown counters that it took the listener of the period `` through a succession of often highly charged sections which added up to a radically new kind of symphonic experience '' ( italics Brown ) , one that functioned not on the basis of summation , as Austro-German symphonies did , but on one of accumulation .
 Austro-German symphonies   did  

 The Magician 's Nephew , the penultimate book to be published , but the last to be written , was completed in 1954 .
 the penultimate book   to be published  

 With help from a Commodore engineer who came to Longwood , Florida to assist in the effort , five of Adams 's Adventure International game series were ported to the VIC .
 five of Adams 's Adventure International game series   were ported  

 The latter is largely the case when i occurs after a consonant and is followed by a vowel , except in some borrowed words ( e.g. , the first consonant in lūpa , `` lip '' , is slightly different from the palatalized first consonant in liūtas , `` lion '' , but both consonants are then followed by the same vowel , the long , there is no in liūtas ) .
 i   is followed  

 Motorola 68020 was produced at speeds ranging from 12 MHz to 33 MHz .
 Motorola 68020   was produced  

 The inability to read is prevalent around the world and discouragingly present even in American society .
 The inability   to read  

 is an irrational number , which means that Pi can not be expressed exactly as a ratio of two integers ( such as 22/7 or other fractions that are commonly used to approximate ) ; consequently , Pi decimal representation never ends and never settles into a permanent repeating pattern .
 22/7 or other fractions   to approximate  

 Although Shanghai cuisine appears delicate , a good xiaolongbao is able to hold in the soup until Shanghai cuisine is bitten .
 Shanghai cuisine   is bitten  

 The Barthou-Ribbentrop meeting infuriated Neurath because the two had met without bothering to inform the Foreign Office beforehand .
 the two   had met  

 When in 1783 the landlord of the Turks Head died and the property was sold , The Club moved to Sackville Street .
 the property   was sold  

 In other words , the average gap between consecutive prime numbers among the first N integers is roughly ln ( N ) .
 the average gap between consecutive prime numbers among the first N integers   is roughly ln  

 Recovery from the Permian-Triassic extinction event was protracted ; on land , ecosystems took 30M years to recover .
 Recovery from the Permian-Triassic extinction event   was protracted  

 The former is the institutional body established by Christ on earth which proclaims salvation and administers the sacraments while the latter is the invisible body of the elect , made up of genuine believers from all ages , and who are known only to God .
 the invisible body of the elect   made up  

 The monument , which was designed and sculpted by Pierre-Étienne Monnot , features the pope seated upon the throne above a sarcophagus with a base-relief showing the liberation of Vienna from the Turks by John III Sobieski , flanked by two allegorical figures representing Faith and Fortitude .
 The monument   was designed  

 The introduction of foreign bacteria into the human GI tract via infusion of fecal enemas is , moreover , an established medical practice in cases of ulcerative colitis , especially where the patient 's own intestinal flora has been significantly depleted by antibiotic therapy applied for other maladies .
 antibiotic therapy   applied  

 The policies of the Land Transport Authority are meant to encourage the use of public transport in Singapore .
 The policies of the Land Transport Authority   are meant  

 When Wilde was publicly acknowledged to be a homosexual in 1895 , Whistler openly mocked James Abbott McNeill Whistler .
 Wilde   was publicly acknowledged  

 Dean was surprised , and Milligan shut up - but Dean guessed that someone else at Pym 's was involved .
 Milligan   shut up  

 A study by the University of Hamburg ( Ahlfeldt and Maennig 2010 ) demonstrates , that the smoking ban had , if any , only short run impacts on bar and restaurant revenues .
 A study by the University of Hamburg   demonstrates  

 USS Ronald Reagan (CVN-76) , with CVW-14 embarked , departed San Diego on 19 May 2008 , for a scheduled 7th Fleet and 5th Fleet deployment .
 CVW-14   embarked  

 The author mainly expands upon details in Barrie 's original play and novel , while changing a few key points - he ascribes James 's strange colouring and yellow blood to a blood disorder ; James 's long dark hair is natural , rather than the usual wig ; James is christened `` Captain Hook '' after murdering the quartermaster of the Sea Witch , rather than in reference to his prosthetic hand ( in the original novel , Captain Hook was known as `` Captain Hook '' before he lost his hand , so this is consistent ) .
 The author   mainly expands  

 It is this pulsing A , played as an eighth note as opposed to a sixteenth note , that pokes fun at the minimalist , yet Adams still uses the pulse ( i.e. alternating eighth notes between the right and left hand , creating a sixteenth note feeling ) as an engine for the movement .
 this pulsing A   played  

 The algorithm continues evaluating the maximum and minimum values of the child nodes alternately until Minimax reaches the root node , where Minimax chooses the move with the largest value ( represented in the figure with a blue arrow ) .
 The algorithm   continues  

 For the decay of Muon , the expected decay distribution for the Standard Model values of Michel parameters is The electron energy distribution integrated over the polar angle is Due to the muons decaying by the weak interaction , parity conservation is violated .
 the muons   decaying  

 Thus the historic trader William Charles Olmeijer , whom Conrad encountered on Joseph Conrad four short visits to Berau in Borneo , appears as `` Almayer '' ( possibly a simple misspelling ) in Joseph Conrad first novel , Almayer 's Folly .
 the historic trader   appears  

 The typical sizes of the regions where coronal events take place vary in the same way , as Corona is shown in the following table .
 The typical sizes of the regions   vary  

 However , since so many of them are coming from the Anglophone Caribbean , where English is spoken , the change is not as fast as the rate of immigration would suggest .
 the rate of immigration   would suggest  

 In the late 18th century the deist Thomas Paine commented at length on Moses ' Laws in The Age of Reason , and gave Moses view that `` the character of Moses , as stated in the Bible , is the most horrid that can be imagined '' , giving the story at as an example .
 the most horrid   can be imagined  

 An example of this can be seen in HeLa cells whereby the cells begin to degenerate shortly after Apoptosis are infected .
 Apoptosis   are infected  

 The latter ( `` Epistulae '' 6:2 ) attributes it to Fisher 's protection that the study of Greek was allowed to proceed at Cambridge without the active molestation that it encountered at Oxford .
 the study of Greek   was allowed  

 Nonetheless , the company continued to argue that South Sea Company longer-term future would be extremely profitable .
 the company   continued  

 However , it would be months before Dr. Banda 's whereabouts could be known leading to his scheduled arrival at Chileka Airport in 1958 being postponed twice ; causing the local white Police to forcefully remove ` disappointed ' crowds that had threatened to storm the BOAC flight , inside of which they had believed Dr. Banda was being held hostage !
 Dr. Banda 's whereabouts   could be known  

 A specialized technique called `` meend '' involves pulling the main melody string down over the bottom portion of the sitar 's curved frets , with which Sitar can achieve a seven semitone range of microtonal notes ( it should be noted , however , that because of the sitar 's movable frets , sometimes a fret may be set to a microtone already , and no bending would be required ) .
 no bending   would be required  

 In addition , SGI had a large number of software customers ; by changing to the OpenGL API , OpenGL planned to keep their customers locked onto SGI ( and IBM ) hardware for a few years while market support for OpenGL matured .
 market support for OpenGL   matured  

 The term relativistic mass is also used , and this is the total quantity of energy in a body or system ( divided by c2 ) .
 The term relativistic mass   is also used  

 The contract was not what it seemed , however , as Martin would not sign it George Martin until George Martin had heard an audition , and later said that EMI had `` nothing to lose , '' as it offered one penny for each record sold , which was split amongst the four members .
 each record   sold  

 Members of the Congress of Deputies are elected through proportional representation with closed party lists where provinces serve as electoral districts ; that is , a list of deputies is selected from a province-wide list .
 Members of the Congress of Deputies   are elected  

 In the table , the elements left of a divide are voiceless , while those to the right are voiced .
 the elements   left  

 In 1884 , art dealer Theo van Gogh asked Pissarro if Camille Pissarro would take in Camille Pissarro older brother , Vincent , as a boarder in Camille Pissarro home .
 Camille Pissarro   would take  

 Clark and Mulroney , two men who , as students , worked on and were inspired by John Diefenbaker 1957 triumph , became the only other Progressive Conservatives to lead the party to election triumphs .
 students   worked  

 Orangutans do not swim , although Orangutan have been recorded wading in water .
 Orangutans   do not swim  

 For we are His workmanship , created in Christ Jesus for good works , which God prepared beforehand that we should walk in them ( Ephesians 2:8 -10 , NKJ ) `` And when the Gentiles heard this , they began rejoicing and glorifying the word of the Lord , and as many as were appointed to eternal life believed '' .
 as many as were appointed to eternal life   believed  

 Although Othello was never filmed , Othello was the first lengthy performance of a Shakespeare play released on records , appearing first on a multi-record 78 RPM set and then on a 3-LP one .
 Othello   was never filmed  

 Kenneth E. Iverson , the originator of the APL programming language , believed that the Sapir -- Linguistic relativity applied to computer languages ( without actually mentioning the hypothesis by name ) .
 Kenneth E. Iverson   believed  

 After the siege was raised , Pope Innocent XI again spared no efforts to induce the Christian princes to lend a helping hand for the expulsion of the Turks from Hungary .
 the siege   was raised  

 Thus , Oscillation tend to decay with time unless there is some net source of energy into the system .
 Oscillation   to decay  

 The Islamic judges are expected to follow the Shafi`i legal school of Islam , which is the main madh ` hab of Malaysia .
 The Islamic judges   are expected  

 Each year when the universities meet to play , the game is coined `` Border War '' .
 the universities   meet to play  

 A stroke of a Norman baron 's pen is said to have divorced Manchester and Salford , though it was not Salford that became separated from Manchester , it was Manchester , with Manchester humbler line of lords , that was separated from Salford .
 A stroke of a Norman baron 's pen   is said  

 Pepsi ( formerly stylized in uppercase as Pepsi ) is a carbonated soft drink that is produced and manufactured by PepsiCo .
 a carbonated soft drink   is produced  

 The eggs of this type hibernate during winter due to the cold climate , and cross fertilize only by spring , generating silk only once annually .
 The eggs of this type hibernate during winter due to the cold climate   cross fertilize  

 Trade , and feeding the growing population , required a large transport and distribution infrastructure : the canal system was extended , and Manchester became one end of the world 's first intercity passenger railway -- the Liverpool and Manchester Railway .
 the canal system   was extended  

 The Communist Party sought to deter pro-Bulgarian sentiment , which was punished severely ; convictions were still being handed down as late as 1991 .
 pro-Bulgarian sentiment   was punished severely  

 In 1061 , Abu Bakr ibn Umar made a division of the power he had established , handing over the more-settled parts to his cousin Yusuf ibn Tashfin , as viceroy , resigning to him also his favourite wife Zainab .
 he   had established  

 Among the half-dozen ships the tribe captured were the Eleanor and the Susan Sturgis .
 the tribe   captured  

 She called John Brown (servant) the Munshi , and John Brown (servant) came to be resented even more than John Brown had been : unlike Brown , whose loyalty was without question , there was evidence that the mendacious and manipulative Karim exploited John Brown (servant) position for personal gain and prestige .
 John Brown   had been  

 In an interview , James Tiptree, Jr. said : `` A male name seemed like good camouflage .
 A male name   seemed  

 Charles Darwin is alleged to have been a proponent .
 Charles Darwin   is alleged  

 Writing was not introduced to India until after Sanskrit had evolved into the Prakrits ; when Sanskrit was written , the choice of writing system was influenced by the regional scripts of the scribes .
 Sanskrit   was written  

 Traces of Neanderthal Man were discovered in Liguria , whereas in Ventimiglia , in the grotto of `` Balzi Rossi '' , numerous remains were found which recall those of Cro-Magnon Man .
 numerous remains   were found  

 Afterwards , Macedonian language became the official language in the new republic , Serbo-Croatian was adopted as a second official language , and Bulgarian was proscribed .
 Bulgarian   was proscribed  

 Some traditions narrated that 36 languages of the world could be traced back to Japheth .
 36 languages of the world   could be traced back  

 Moreover , the highest emergy efficiency accrues from systems geared toward material recycling , where materials are engineered to recycle back into their original form and purpose , followed by adaptive reuse systems where the materials are recycled into a different kind of product , and then by-product reuse systems where parts of the products are used to make an entirely different product .
 materials   are engineered  

 With the second version , Valve instituted a policy of ` delayed bans , ' the theory being that if a new hack is developed which circumvents the VAC system , Counter-Strike will spread amongst the ` cheating ' community .
 a new hack   is developed  

 They were not allowed passage until the ferry had serviced all others wishing to cross and were forced to take shelter under `` Mantle Rock , '' a shelter bluff on the Kentucky side , until `` Berry had nothing better to do '' .
 nothing better   to do  

 To the south , as part of the Lahn valley , the hilly Limburg Basin ( Limburger Becken ) abuts the Upper Westerwald.The High Westerwald is an undulating and basalt-rich tableland decked with woodlands that has a distinctly agreeable climate , and elevations ranging from roughly 450 to 657 m .
 the hilly Limburg Basin   abuts  

 Sanskrit poems and plays like the Naiṣadha-carita , Prabodha-candrodaya , Āgama-dambara , Vidvanmoda-taraṅgiṇī and Kādambarī contain representations of the Cārvāka thought .
 Sanskrit poems and plays like the Naiṣadha-carita , Prabodha-candrodaya , Āgama-dambara , Vidvanmoda-taraṅgiṇī and Kādambarī contain representations of the Cārvāka   thought  

 Cyprinidae is the major species of fish eaten because they make the largest part of biomass in most water types except for fast-flowing rivers .
 the major species of fish   eaten  

 In 1968 Motoo Kimura rekindled the debate with his neutral theory of molecular evolution , which claims that most instances where a genetic change spreads across a population ( although not necessarily changes in phenotypes ) are caused by genetic drift .
 his neutral theory of molecular evolution   claims  

 A forgotten history regarding surface micromachining revolved around the choice of polysilicon A or B. Fine grained ( < 300A grain size , US4897360 ) , post strain annealed pure polysilicon was advocated by Prof Henry Guckel ( U. Wisconsin ) ; while a larger grain , doped stress controlled polysilicon was advocated by the UC Berkeley group .
 doped stress   controlled  

 Due to protests by the CRIF umbrella group of French Jews regarding allegations of antisemitic content , French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin called for a ban on Al-Manar broadcasting in France on December 2 , 2004 ; just two weeks after al-Manar was authorised to continue broadcasting in Europe by France 's media watchdog agency .
 al-Manar   was authorised  

 Wigner worked at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physical Chemistry and Elektrochemistry ( now the Fritz Haber Institute ) , and there Eugene Wigner met Michael Polanyi , who became , after László Rátz , Wigner 's greatest teacher .
 Michael Polanyi   became  

 Men in Black ( MIB ) , in American popular culture and in UFO conspiracy theories , are men dressed in black suits who claim to be government agents who harass or threaten UFO witnesses to keep them quiet about what Men in Black have seen .
 Men in Black   have seen  

 The reformatory activities of Wycliffe effectively began here : all the great works , especially John Wycliffe Summa theologiae , are closely connected with the condemnation of John Wycliffe 18 theses , while the entire literary energies of John Wycliffe later years rest upon this foundation .
 all the great works   are closely connected  

 This feature faithfully duplicates the C64 behavior when a cartridge ( such as Simons ' BASIC ) is plugged into the port and asserts either of these lines , but unlike the C64 , where the Memory-map changing action of these lines is implemented directly in hardware , the C128 's Z80 firmware startup code polls these lines on power-up and then switches modes as necessary .
 Memory-map   changing  

 A reason Von Braun , head of NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center during the 1960s , advocated for a smaller station after his large one was not built was that he wished to provide his employees with work beyond developing the Saturn rockets , which would be completed relatively early during Project Apollo .
 his large one   was not built  

 No one was punished for a part in the crime , and Æthelred , who was crowned a month after the murder , began to reign in an atmosphere of suspicion which destroyed the prestige of the crown .
 Æthelred   was crowned  

 A new economic policy , known as workers self-management , started to be implemented under the advice and supervision of the Slovene Edvard Kardelj , the main theorist of the Yugoslav Communist Party .
 A new economic policy , known as workers self-management   started  

 Atlantic bluefin tuna ( Thunnus thynnus ) from the Almadraba areas of the Gulf of Cádiz , prawns from Sanlúcar de Barrameda ( known as langostino de Sanlúcar ) , and Deepwater Rose Shrimp ( Parapenaeus longirostris ) from Huelva are all highly prized .
 Deepwater Rose Shrimp ( Parapenaeus longirostris ) from Huelva   highly prized  

 Some New Zealand chiropractors appeared to have used the title ` Doctor ' in a New Zealand Yellow pages telephone directory in a way that implied Chiropractic are registered medical practitioners , when no evidence was presented Chiropractic was true .
 Some New Zealand chiropractors   appeared  

 A young man named Radio Raheem ( Nunn ) lives for nothing else but to blast Public Enemy 's `` Fight the Power '' on his boombox wherever he goes .
 he   goes  

 The origin of the dramatic drop is a waterfall preserved adjacent to the lock under an apron of concrete .
 a waterfall   preserved adjacent  

 Dynamic parallax has sometimes also been used to determine the distance to a supernova , when the optical wave front of the outburst is seen to propagate through the surrounding dust clouds at an apparent angular velocity , while Parallax true propagation velocity is known to be the speed of light .
 Parallax true propagation velocity   is known  

 Calcitonin while once recommended is no longer due to the associated risk of cancer with Osteoporosis use and questionable effect on fracture risk .
 Calcitonin   use  

 After Queen Bee is knocked out , Lex Luthor and Mercy escape into their helicopter with Queen Bee while the Team continues to fight the other villains .
 Queen Bee   is knocked out  

 The higher than atmospheric cabin pressure made Apollo 1 impossible for the senior pilot to remove the inner hatch , until the excess cabin pressure ( 16.7 psi absolute , 2 psi above ambient ) had been vented .
 2 psi above ambient   had been vented  

 So many characteristics that had been strange and unfathomable to Joseph Conrad before , took , as it were , their right proportions .
 So many characteristics that had been strange and unfathomable to Joseph Conrad before   took  

 OLE Object Linking and Embedding : allows a Windows application to control another to enable Microsoft Excel to format or calculate data .
 Microsoft Excel   to format  

 Peter Falk turned out to be Falk 's breakout role .
 Peter Falk   turned out  

 The models recommended are Full Unbundling , Line Sharing and Bitstream Access .
 The models   recommended  

 However , if rockets are used , the size of rocket , relative to the payload , necessary to achieve intercontinental distances , is similar to an ICBM .
 rockets   are used  

 During the summer of 2001 , Enron made an attempt to sell a number of Enron assets , many of which were not sold .
 many of which   were not sold  

 During Oliver Cromwell lifetime , some tracts painted Oliver Cromwell as a hypocrite motivated by power -- for example , The Machiavilian Cromwell and The Juglers Discovered , both part of an attack on Cromwell by the Levellers after 1647 , present Oliver Cromwell as a Machiavellian figure .
 The Machiavilian Cromwell and The Juglers   Discovered  

 Singapore generally allows religious freedom , although some religious sects are restricted or banned , such as Jehovah 's Witness , due to Demographics of Singapore opposition of National Service .
 some religious sects   banned  

 This was so successful that the railway line between El Alamein and Fort Capuzzo , despite having been blown up in over 200 separate places , was quickly put into commission and in the month after Eighth Army reached Capuzzo carried 133000 ST of supplies .
 Eighth Army   reached  

 Though Motorola 68020 was not intended , these new modes made the 68020 very suitable for page printing ; most laser printers in the early '90s had a 68EC020 at Motorola 68020 core .
 Motorola 68020   was not intended  

 Total fleet : 27,051 ( as of 2011 ) All taxis are fitted with meters ; all are air conditioned ; the majority of the taxis are 5-seaters ; about 90 % of taxis have radiophones ; call booking is done via GPS or digital voice dispatch .
 call booking   is done  

 Asparagales is thought to have first diverged from other related monocots some 120-130 million years ago ( early in the Cretaceous period ) , although given the difficulty in classifying the families involved , estimates are likely to be uncertain .
 the families   involved  

 Friedman spent the 1945 -- 46 academic year teaching at the University of Minnesota ( where Milton Friedman friend George Stigler was employed ) .
 Milton Friedman friend George Stigler   was employed  

 In the U.S. , chiropractic was reported in 1992 as being the largest alternative medical profession , with chiropractors performing over 90 % of all manipulative treatments , although `` serious complications of lumbar manipulation , including paraplegia and death '' were also reported .
 serious complications of lumbar manipulation , including paraplegia and death   were also reported  

 Recycling are airtight , so oxygen and moisture do not break down the trash the same way Recycling would in a dump , '' clearly the environment needs recycling more than we imagined .
 Recycling   are airtight  

 The fueled Apollo 10 LM weighed , compared to 33278 lb for the Apollo 11 LM which made the first landing .
 The fueled Apollo 10 LM   weighed  

 While the negotiations were proceeding David Attenborough worked on a number of other television projects .
 the negotiations   were proceeding  

 Once the deadline for submission of proposals by the NOCs is reached , the first phase ( Application ) begins with the applicant cities asked to complete a questionnaire regarding several key criteria related to the organization of Olympic Games .
 the deadline for submission of proposals by the NOCs   is reached  

 It is not known what name the ancient Olmec used for themselves ; some later Mesoamerican accounts seem to refer to the ancient Olmec as `` Tamoanchan '' .
 some later Mesoamerican accounts   seem  

 is a transcendental number , which means that Pi is not the solution of any non-constant polynomial with rational coefficients , such as The transcendence of has two important consequences : First , can not be expressed using any combination of rational numbers and square roots or n-th roots such as or Second , since no transcendental number can be constructed with compass and straightedge , it is not possible to `` square the circle '' .
 no transcendental number   can be constructed  

 As with H2 , the lowest-energy atomic orbitals are the 1s ' and 1s '' , and do not transform according to the symmetries of the molecule , while Molecular orbital adapted atomic orbitals do .
 the 1s ' and 1s   do not transform  

 It 's not what Steve Ditko 'm like that counts ; it 's what Steve Ditko did and how well it was done ... Steve Ditko produce a product , a comic art story .
 Steve Ditko   did  

 John, King of England also used revenue generation as a way of exerting political control over the barons : debts owed to the crown by John, King of England favoured supporters might be forgiven ; collection of those owed by enemies was more stringently enforced .
 collection of those   was more stringently enforced  

 If the dance is a set ( pre-choreographed ) routine , Lead and follow is sometimes responsible for initiating each move , which ensures smooth coordination between the two dancers .
 the dance   follow  

 Branwell did not live in the house as Anne Brontë did .
 Anne Brontë   did  

 The Spaniards tried to rub literacy in the islands to prevent the islanders to unite .
 the islanders   to unite  

 The Olympians fought Giants (Greek mythology) with the Moirai aiding them before the aforementioned prophecy was made , meaning Giants (Greek mythology) would have overcome the combined efforts of both Olympus and the Sisters of Fate had Heracles not fought .
 the aforementioned prophecy   was made  

 Pope derives his pontificate from being Bishop of Rome but is not required to live there ; according to the Latin formula ubi Papa , ibi Curia , wherever Pope resides is the central government of the Church , provided that Pope is Bishop of Rome .
 Pope   resides  

 Herodes was controversial : an enormously rich Athenian ( probably the richest man in the eastern half of the empire ) , Marcus Aurelius was quick to anger , and resented by Marcus Aurelius fellow-Athenians for Marcus Aurelius patronizing manner .
 an enormously rich Athenian   to anger  

 Two more large thermosolar facilities , Andasol I y II , planned at Hoya de Guadix in the province of Granada are expected to supply electricity to half a million households .
 Two more large thermosolar facilities , Andasol I y II , planned at Hoya de Guadix in the province of Granada   are expected  

 Qualities which are specially noticeable are roundness in the shape of letters , continuity of formation , the pen being carried on from character to character , and regularity , the letters not differing strikingly in size and projecting strokes above or below the line being avoided .
 the line   being avoided  

 Filmed by Al Gold , the Movietone News camera aimed at the ground crew when the fire broke out .
 the fire   broke out  

 According to the introduction , all the poems in the collection were meant to be sung , but Oxford 's were almost the only genuine love songs in the collection .
 all the poems in the collection   to be sung  

 The total length of the rivers on Slovak territory is .
 The total length of the rivers on Slovak territory   is  

 Due to the short lifespan of the system , only 22 games were released .
 only 22 games   were released  

 The most notable example of these was Henry Fielding 's Shamela ( 1741 ) , written as a parody of Pamela .
 Henry Fielding 's Shamela   written  

 Should a set of data appear to be too faithful to the hypothesis , i.e. , the amount of error that would normally be in such measurements does not appear , a conclusion can be drawn that the data may have been forged .
 the amount of error that would normally be in such measurements   does not appear  

 The report showed that the manager of the Sloane Street branch of BCCI , near Harrods , had passed information about the Abu Nidal accounts to MI5 , and had told them Abu Nidal himself had visited London using the name Shakir Farhan ; the manager did not realize who Abu Nidal was dealing with until Abu Nidal later saw a photograph of Abu Nidal .
 Abu Nidal   was dealing  

 CheY induces tumbling by interacting with the flagellar switch protein FliM , inducing a change from counter-clockwise to clockwise rotation of the flagellum .
 CheY   induces tumbling  

 If other CYP3A substrates -- drugs that are broken down by CYP3A - such as simvastatin ( Zocor ) , lovastatin ( Mevacor ) , or atorvastatin ( Lipitor ) -- are taken concomitantly with erythromycin , levels of the substrates will increase , often causing adverse effects .
 drugs   are broken down  

 In a Sufi practice known as dhikr Allah ( lit .
 dhikr Allah   lit  

 Until a new owner was appointed , Rosella Sensi would continue her directorial role of A.S. Roma .
 a new owner   was appointed  

 In Christ stilling the Storm John Wycliffe wrote : `` If a man believe in Christ , and make a point of John Wycliffe belief , then the promise that God hath made to come into the land of light shall be given by virtue of Christ , to all men that make this the chief matter '' .
 God hath   made  

 A few days later , Lillard told Palmer that his hearing seemed better .
 his hearing   seemed better  

 His power began to wane after the 1991 elections ; an ongoing brutal civil war between the Suriname army and Maroons loyal to rebel leader Ronnie Brunswijk , begun in 1986 , further weakened Bouterse 's position during the 1990s .
 His power   began  

 As David Rothenburg writes , `` The beautiful is the root of science and the goal of art , the highest possibility that humanity can ever hope to see '' .
 David Rothenburg   writes  

 According to Herodotus the brain was removed using an iron hook inserted through the nostrils and the brain cavity washed with drugs .
 the brain   was removed  

 In the beginning , in Syria and then in Egypt , Christians felt called to a more reclusive or eremitic form of Monasticism living ( in the spirit of the `` Desert Theology '' for the purpose of spiritual renewal and return to God ) .
 a more reclusive or eremitic form of Monasticism   living  

 The media are , therefore , known as kuten , which literally means , `` the physical basis '' .
 kuten   literally means  

 For we are His workmanship , created in Christ Jesus for good works , which God prepared beforehand that we should walk in them ( Ephesians 2:8 -10 , NKJ ) `` And when the Gentiles heard this , they began rejoicing and glorifying the word of the Lord , and as many as were appointed to eternal life believed '' .
 they   began rejoicing  

 Many county towns are in fact cities , but all are referred to as County town irrespective of whether city status is held or not .
 city status   is held  

 With the success of Netscape showing the importance of Netscape Navigator , Internet browsing began to be seen as a potentially profitable market .
 Internet browsing   began  

 The Cello Concerto , composed a decade later , immediately after World War I , seems , in Kennedy 's words , `` to belong to another age , another world ... the simplest of all Edward Elgar major works ... also the least grandiloquent '' .
 World War I   seems  

 Dynamic pumps can be further subdivided according to the means in which the velocity gain is achieved .
 Dynamic pumps   can be further subdivided  

 In James Lovelock most recent book , `` The Vanishing Face of Gaia '' , James Lovelock rejects scientific modelling that disagrees with the scientific findings that sea levels are rising faster , and Arctic ice is melting faster , than the models predict and James Lovelock suggests that we may already be beyond the tipping point of terrestrial climate into a permanently hot state .
 the models   predict  

 According to this theory , about 70 % of the economic development of a country can be predicted from the distance between that country and the equator .
 about 70 % of the economic development of a country   can be predicted  

 `` Now John Eccles (neurophysiologist) come to consider the way in which the three worlds interact ... '' Despite these words , in John Eccles (neurophysiologist) late book How the Self Controls Its Brain Eccles proposed a dualistic mechanism of mind .
 the three worlds   interact  

 The official web site currently ( April 2004 ) states : `` While providing a service to Esperanto-speaking hosts and guests , at the same time Pasporta Servo demonstrates , easily and clearly , to the outside public that Esperanto is useful and that Pasporta Servo works in practice .
 Pasporta Servo   works  

 Julian Lennon made Julian Lennon musical debut at age 11 on Julian Lennon father 's album Walls and Bridges playing drums on `` Ya-Ya '' , later saying , `` Dad , had Julian Lennon known you were going to put it on the album , Julian Lennon would 've played much better !
 Julian Lennon   would 've played much better  

 Main articles : National Hockey League rules While the National Hockey League follows the general rules of ice hockey , National Hockey League differs slightly from those used in international games organized by the International Ice Hockey Federation ( IIHF ) such as the Olympics .
 National Hockey League   differs slightly  

 In algebraic geometry , Parabola is generalized by the rational normal curves , which have coordinates the standard parabola is the case and the case is known as the twisted cubic .
 the rational normal curves   have  

 The first Covington Celeron was essentially a 266 MHz Pentium II manufactured without any secondary cache at all .
 a 266 MHz Pentium II   manufactured  

 Hercules: The Legendary Journeys also gained a cult following along with Hercules: The Legendary Journeys spin-off , .
 a cult   following  

 In the New Testament of the Christian Bible , Lord's Prayer appears in two forms : in the Gospel of Matthew as part of the Sermon on the Mount , and in the Gospel of Luke , which records Jesus being approached by `` one of his disciples '' with a request to teach them `` to pray as John taught his disciples '' .
 Jesus   being approached  

 The elder branch of the House of Bourbon , to which the kings belonged , deeply distrusted the intentions of the cadet branch , which would succeed to the throne of France should the senior branch die out .
 the kings   belonged  

 The term is the work function ( sometimes denoted , or ) , which gives the minimum energy required to remove a delocalised electron from the surface of the metal .
 the minimum energy   required  

 It is in the Boethius that the oft-quoted sentence occurs : `` Alfred the Great will was to live worthily as long as Alfred the Great lived , and after Alfred the Great life to leave to them that should come after , Alfred the Great memory in good works '' .
 Alfred   lived  

 The 31st series continued to bring in over four million viewers , with the series opener pulling in 4.77 million viewers for an overall 21.6 % share of the ratings for the night .
 The 31st series   continued  

 Scott Adams was contracted to provide a series of text adventure games .
 Scott Adams   was contracted  

 Henie went on to win first of Sonja Henie three Olympic gold medals the following year .
 Henie   went on  

 Paul Robeson `` sudden interest '' in African history and its impact on culture coincided with Paul Robeson essay `` Paul Robeson Want to be African '' , wherein Paul Robeson wrote of Paul Robeson desire to embrace Paul Robeson ancestry .
 Paul Robeson `` sudden interest '' in African history and its impact on culture   coincided  

 Simulations of the evolution of the Oort cloud from the beginnings of the Solar System to the present suggest that Oort cloud mass peaked around 800 million years after formation , as the pace of accretion and collision slowed and depletion began to overtake supply .
 depletion   began  

 Part of the money was to pay for masses in perpetuity for the men Louis IX of France had hanged .
 Louis IX of France   had hanged  

 Many of the myths portrayed were that of Heracles ' ninth labor , which was the retrieval of the girdle of Hippolyta , Queen of the Amazons , and of Theseus ' abduction of Hippolyta , who claimed her as his wife .
 the myths   portrayed  

 More formally , if denotes the nth iterate of ( i.e. composed with Mandelbrot set n times ) , the Mandelbrot set is the subset of the complex plane given by As explained below , it is in fact possible to simplify this definition by taking .
 i.e.   composed  

 These cover Clement 's celestial hierarchy , a complex schema in which the universe is headed by the Face of God , below which lie seven protoctists , followed by archangels , angels and humans .
 seven protoctists   followed  

 It was for a period the destination for most California-bound immigrants , including the ill-fated Donner Party , for whose rescue John Sutter contributed supplies .
 It   was  

 When the issues were released as a collected edition later that year , the story title for the first issue was applied to The Dark Knight Returns .
 the issues   were released  

 The emperor 's kami is venerated at the Kashihara Shrine a Shinto shrine located at Kashihara in Nara prefecture , where Emperor Jimmu palace was said to have been located .
 Emperor Jimmu palace   to have been located  

 of '' λεξικός '' ( lexikos ) , `` of or for words '' , from '' λέξις '' ( lexis ) , `` speech '' , `` word '' , ( in turn from '' λέγω '' lego `` to say '' , `` to speak '' ) + '' - λογία '' , ( - logia ) , `` the study of '' , a suffix derived from '' λόγος '' ( logos ) , amongst others meaning `` speech , oration , discourse , quote , study , calculation , reason '' , Lexicology turn also from '' λέγω '' .
 the study of   λόγος  

 A few of the early animals appear possibly to be ancestors of modern animals .
 A few of the early animals   appear  

 Several carbides are assumed to be salts of the acetylide anion C22 -- ( also called percarbide ) , which has a triple bond between the two carbon atoms .
 Several carbides   are assumed  

 A work-around to this problem , common to several syllabaries around the world ( including English loanwords in Japanese ) , is to write an echo vowel , as if the syllable coda were a second syllable : ba-gu for `` bag '' , etc. Another common approach is to simply ignore the coda , so that `` bag '' would be written ba .
 bag   would be written ba  

 DellaPergola estimated the Palestinian population of the West Bank and Gaza at the end of 2005 as 3.33 million , or 3.57 million if East Jerusalem is included .
 East Jerusalem   is included  

 After the fourth card is dealt , the board is .
 the fourth card   is dealt  

 The Professor reveals that Kaplan does not exist .
 Kaplan   does not exist  

 Johannes Kepler was believed to have died in the Eighty Years ' War in the Netherlands .
 Johannes Kepler   was believed  

 However this situation changed after 1997 when Milošević 's second and last legal term as Serbian President ended .
 Serbian President   ended  

 However , Oscar Peterson 1949 debut at Carnegie Hall , New York City , arranged by Norman Granz , was uncredited ; owing to union restrictions , Oscar Peterson appearance could not be billed .
 Oscar Peterson appearance   could not be billed  

 Before leaving Quivira , Coronado ordered the Turk garroted .
 the Turk   garroted  

 The Yugoslav economic crisis of the 1980s increased the struggles within the Yugoslav Communist regime regarding the appropriate economic measures to be undertaken .
 the appropriate economic measures   to be undertaken  

 On 12 September 1942 , , carrying some 2,732 crew , passengers , soldiers and POWs , was struck and sunk by a torpedo from Kriegsmarine submarine off the coast of west Africa .
 some 2,732 crew   was struck  

 In contrasting persistence of vision theory with phi phenomena , a critical part of understanding that emerges with these visual perception phenomena is that Persistence of vision is not a camera .
 a critical part of understanding   emerges  

 Under such a statute , if a person is discovered to have committed a misdemeanor three years later , Statute of limitations can not be prosecuted , even if enough evidence is available to meet the legal burden of proof .
 a person   is discovered  

 The notion that Sappho was in charge of some sort of academy persists nonetheless .
 The notion that Sappho was in charge of some sort of academy   persists nonetheless  

 If the executive or legislative powers within Jurisdiction are not restricted or restricted only by a number of limited restrictions , these government branches have plenary power such as a national policing power .
 the executive or legislative powers within Jurisdiction   are not restricted  

 English longbow is the difficulty in using the longbow which led various monarchs of England to issue instructions encouraging their ownership and practice , including the Assize of Arms of 1252 and King Edward III 's declaration of 1363 : `` Whereas the people of our realm , rich and poor alike , were accustomed formerly in their games to practise archery -- whence by God 's help , it is well known that high honour and profit came to our realm , and no small advantage to ourselves in our warlike enterprises ... that every man in the same country , if he be able-bodied , shall , upon holidays , make use , in his games , of bows and arrows ... and so learn and practise archery '' .
 it   is well known  

 Garfunkel 's retirement lasted a full seven years , until Art Garfunkel 1988 album , Lefty ( US , Garfunkel released Art Garfunkel first compilation album in 1984 , The Art Garfunkel Album ( UK Art Garfunkel live 1996 concert Across America ( UK Garfunkel performed the theme song for the 1991 television series , Brooklyn Bridge , and `` The Ballad of Buster Baxter '' for a 1998 episode of the children 's educational television series Arthur , where Art Garfunkel was depicted as a singing/narrator moose .
 The Art Garfunkel Album   live  

 The corollary is that high-Z materials make good gamma-ray shields , which is the principal reason that lead ( Z = 82 ) is a preferred and ubiquitous gamma radiation shield .
 the principal reason   lead  

 The unease and self-deception that characterized that period of colonial history would be revisited in many forms at political and social moments of crisis ( such as the Salem witch trials , which coincided with frontier warfare and economic competition among Indians and French and other European settlers ) and during lengthy periods of cultural definition ( such as the American Renaissance of the late 18th - and early 19th-century literary , visual , and architectural movements , which sought to capitalize on unique American identities ) .
 the Salem witch trials   coincided  

 The number of colours is meant to symbolize the seven-branched Jewish Menorah .
 The number of colours   is meant  

 On the fifth day ( the exact date in August is not known ) , Joan of Kent died , at Wallingford Castle .
 the exact date in August   is not known  

 While Bellerophon slept , he dreamed of Athena setting a golden bridle down beside him ; Iobates was there when he awoke .
 Bellerophon   slept  

 The first game released was Quest for the Rings !
 The first game   released  

 Green River , the largest community on this side of Emery County, Utah , is more closely tied to the communities and economy of Grand County .
 Green River   is more closely tied  

 The Persian historian al-Baladhuri , who offers the earliest Muslim account , merely states that the city was `` reduced '' .
 the city   reduced  

 A landed or members ' naturist club is one that owns Naturism own facilities , while non-landed ( or travel ) clubs meet at various locations , such as private residences , swimming pools , hot springs , landed clubs and resorts , and rented facilities .
 A   landed  

 `` Property storages '' provide metadata about the storages and streams in a doc file , such as where Microsoft Word begins and Microsoft Word name and so forth .
 Microsoft Word   begins  

 Out of a sense of duty , Hanson remained in office , although John Hanson term as a delegate to Congress was nearly expired .
 John Hanson term as a delegate to Congress   was nearly expired  

 All this animosity would help Romanos IV Diogenes enemies when the time came that they moved against Romanos IV Diogenes .
 the time   came  

 Shōmu was still a child at the time of Emperor Shōmu father 's death ; thus , Empresses Gemmei and Gensho occupied the throne before Emperor Shōmu acceded .
 Emperor Shōmu   acceded  

 The Niger River also is an important source of fish , providing food for riverside communities ; the surplus -- smoked , salted , and dried -- is exported .
 the surplus   dried  

 Their main visible differences are two -- the male newt has a single black line running down the centre of the spine , the female has two parallel lines on either side of the centre .
 a single black line   running  

 The only piece of sculpture from the Parthenon known to be from the hand of Phidias was the statue of Athena housed in the naos .
 The only piece of sculpture from the Parthenon   known  

 A number of video games featuring The Muppets were produced .
 A number of video games   were produced  

 Rotting seaweed , brought in by storm waves adds nutrients to allow pioneer species to colonize Dune .
 Rotting   seaweed  

 The gas is usually 90 % argon , 10 % methane ( `` P10 '' ) , although the argon may be replaced with neon or helium where very long wavelengths ( over 5 nm ) are to be detected .
 very long wavelengths   to be detected  

 If the awful trail of battle stretches vividly through the scenes of the narrative , Civilization (film) is in the hope that a shocked and appalled world may henceforth devote Civilization (film) more earnestly in the cause of peace .
 the awful trail of battle   stretches vividly  

 After Olympic Games are given out by an IOC member , the national flags of the three medalists are raised while the national anthem of the gold medalist 's country plays .
 the national anthem of the gold medalist 's country   plays  

 The Athletics ' name originated in the term `` Athletic Club '' for local gentlemen 's clubs -- dates to 1860 when Oakland Athletics , the Athletic ( Club ) of Philadelphia , was formed .
 Oakland Athletics   was formed  

 The stanzas rhyme abba rather than the expected abab , and the last line , which is supposed to be the same as the first , is original .
 The stanzas   rhyme abba rather  

 The Imperial Army was able to block Yongle Emperor at Huai'an and , given that three of Yongle Emperor sons were serving as hostages in the capital , the prince withdrew in disgrace .
 the prince   withdrew  

 Many medications for seniors are subsidized through a provincial pharmaceutical plan , however , Prince Edward Island remains one of the only provinces lacking a catastrophic drug coverage program for Prince Edward Island residents .
 Many medications for seniors   are subsidized  

 Pedro Martínez gave up only 128 hits in 217 innings , for an average of just 5.31 hits allowed per 9 innings pitched : the third lowest mark on record .
 9 innings   pitched  

 In May 2011 , the week before Memorial Day , Pepsi launched a limited edition flavor called `` Memorial Day Pepsi '' , with blueberry and cherry flavors added to the cola .
 blueberry and cherry flavors   added  

 This triad , as well as the egalitarianism of Epicurus , was carried forward into the American freedom movement and Declaration of Independence , by the American founding father , Thomas Jefferson , as `` all men are created equal '' and endowed with certain `` inalienable rights , '' such as `` life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness '' .
 all men   are created equal  

 Alice Bradley Sheldon ( August 24 , 1915 -- May 19 , 1987 ) was an American science fiction author better known as James Tiptree , Jr. , a pen name James Tiptree, Jr. used from 1967 to James Tiptree, Jr. death .
 a pen name   used  

 In addition , StarCraft utilized high quality music , composed by Blizzard 's resident composers , and professional voice actors were hired .
 high quality music , composed by Blizzard 's resident composers , and professional voice actors   were hired  

 Mali consists of eight regions and Mali borders on the north reach deep into the middle of the Sahara , while the country 's southern part , where the majority of inhabitants live , features the Niger and Sénégal rivers .
 the majority of inhabitants   live  

 As it was , a special meeting of the British cabinet called to consider the `` final offer '' , they declined to pass on the message to Warsaw under the grounds this was not a serious proposal on the part of Berlin .
 it   was  

 Because of the lack of duplication between caches , Duron can be said to have 192 KB cache on board , whereas an inclusive chip such as Athlon Slot-A , with 512 KB L2 , would only have , in practice , 512 KB total ( 640K-128K ) .
 Duron   can be said  

 Counter-sabotage , defined by Webster 's dictionary , is `` counterintelligence designed to detect and counteract Sabotage .
 counterintelligence   to detect  

 Only half a dozen asteroids are larger than 87 Sylvia , though none of them have moons ; however , some smaller asteroids are thought to be more massive , suggesting they may not have been disrupted , and indeed 511 Davida , the same size as Sylvia to within measurement error , is estimated to be two and a half times as massive , though this is highly uncertain .
 some smaller asteroids   are thought  

 At a press conference , Berlusconi paid compliments to Lukashenko and said `` Good luck to you and your people , whom Silvio Berlusconi know love you '' .
 Silvio Berlusconi   know  

 At the point where liquid begins to condense , the direction of the temperature and pressure curve will abruptly change to trace along the phase line until all of the water has condensed .
 all of the water   has condensed  

 Jane Austen wrote , for example : `` Henry the 4th ascended the throne of England much to his own satisfaction in the year 1399 , after having prevailed on his cousin & predecessor Richard the 2nd , to resign it to him , & to retire for the rest of his Life to Pomfret Castle , where he happened to be murdered '' .
 he   to be murdered  

 The Qur ` an is declared to be the constitution of the country , which is governed on the basis of Islamic law ( Shari'a ) .
 the country   is governed  

 Prior to the accident , Concorde had been arguably the safest operational passenger airliner in the world in terms of passenger deaths-per-kilometres travelled with zero , but with a history of tyre explosions 60 times higher than subsonic jets .
 passenger deaths-per-kilometres   travelled  

 The law code , as it has been preserved , is singularly unsuitable for use in lawsuits .
 it   has been preserved  

 Muslim scholars , including al-Biruni in 1000 , subdivided the mean solar day into 24 equinoctial hours , each of which was subdivided sexagesimally , that is into the units of minute , second , third , fourth and fifth , creating the modern second as of the mean solar day in the process .
 each of which   was subdivided sexagesimally  

 Since Lord's Prayer follows shortly after a plea for daily bread ( i.e. , material sustenance ) , Lord's Prayer can be seen as referring to not being caught up in the material pleasures given .
 the material pleasures   given  

 However , among those ostriches who survive to adulthood , the species is one of the longest-living bird species .
 those ostriches   survive to adulthood  

 However , in the Dutch East Indies campaign , the 17th Pursuit Squadron ( Provisional ) , formed from USAAF pilots evacuated from the Philippines , claimed 49 Japanese aircraft destroyed , for the loss of 17 P-40s The seaplane tender USS Langley was sunk by Japanese planes while delivering P-40s to Tjilatjap , Java .
 49 Japanese aircraft   destroyed  

 The group 's charter required that the day of arrival be observed yearly as a `` day of thanksgiving '' to God .
 the day of arrival   be observed  

 Reynolds was a Girl Scout and a troop leader ( a scholarship in Debbie Reynolds name is offered to high-school age Girl Scouts ) .
 Reynolds   was  

 The head of the household repeats the declaration of biyur chametz , declaring any chametz that may not have been found to be null and void `` as the dust of the earth '' .
 any chametz   may not have been found  

 What the School Is `` Education fails because Progressive education neglects this fundamental principle of the school as a form of community life .
 the School   Is  

 Jack Johnson (boxer) developed a more patient approach than was customary in that day , playing with Jack Johnson (boxer) opponents , often carrying on a conversation with ring-siders at the same time as Jack Johnson (boxer) was fighting .
 Jack Johnson   was fighting  

 Any non-Jew who lives according to these laws is regarded as one of `` the righteous among the gentiles '' .
 Any non-Jew   lives  

 Before appearing , Miller asked the committee not to ask Arthur Miller to name names , to which the chairman agreed .
 the chairman   agreed  

 This is done either with a specialized proxy , called a content filter ( both commercial and free products are available ) , or by using a cache-extension protocol such as ICAP , that allows plug-in extensions to an open caching architecture .
 This   is done  

 Note : because Solar System bodies are never perfect diffuse reflectors , astronomers use empirically derived relationships to predict apparent magnitudes when accuracy is required .
 accuracy   is required  

 September 1928 also saw the release of Paul Terry 's Dinner Time , among the first animated cartoons produced with Sound film .
 the first animated cartoons   produced  

 When the war ended , a new Secretary , Ted Blanding , replaced Smedley , who remained active as Educational Director for the rest of his life , as well as a permanent member of the Board of Directors .
 the war   ended  

 Alexander had a very wheezy voice growing up , primarily because of Jason Alexander asthma .
 a very wheezy voice   growing up  

 However , this deed , too , failed to make Joseph Goebbels the figure of tragic destiny Joseph Goebbels had hoped to become ; it merely gave Joseph Goebbels end a touch of repulsive irony '' .
 Joseph Goebbels   to become  

 Modern Roman Catholic churches often have a crucifix above the altar on the wall ; for the celebration of Mass , the Roman Rite of the Catholic Church requires that , `` on or close to the altar there is to be a cross with a figure of Christ crucified '' .
 a cross with a figure of Christ   crucified  

 Royal supremacy was exercised through the extant legal structures of Episcopal polity , whose leaders were bishops .
 Royal supremacy   was exercised  

 In the 1950s existing facilities were repaired , and , with Soviet assistance , considerable progress was made toward establishing a long-distance telephone wire network connecting Beijing to provincial-level capitals .
 the 1950s   existing  

 The writer Adam Roberts , in an essay for The Guardian titled `` Jules Verne deserves a better translation service , '' commented : `` Jules Verne 'd always liked reading Jules Verne and Jules Verne 've read most of Jules Verne novels ; but it was n't until recently that Jules Verne really understood Jules Verne had n't been reading Jules Verne at all .
 The writer Adam Roberts , in an essay for The Guardian   commented  

 Although Kato was interested in a new title , the project had not been greenlighted .
 the project   had not been greenlighted  

 Obadiah ( pronounced , ʿObhadyah or עבדיהו ` oḆaDYaHOo , or in Modern Hebrew Ovadyah ) is a Biblical theophorical name , meaning `` servant of Yahweh '' or `` worshipper of Yahweh '' .
 Obadiah   pronounced  

 The incident was important for the `` new '' `` Scientific American '' 's history , as the AEC 's decision to burn 3000 copies of an early press-run of Scientific American containing the offending material appeared to be `` book burning in a free society '' when publisher Gerard Piel leaked the incident to the press .
 the AEC 's decision   appeared  

 MLS operates under a single-entity structure in which teams are centrally owned by Major League Soccer .
 MLS   operates  

 Predestination is the gift of God , not of works , lest anyone should boast .
 anyone   should boast  

 Mickey Leigh : `` Joey Ramone was shocked when the band came out .
 the band   came out  

 When Æthelwold died , on 1 August 984 , Æthelred deeply lamented the loss , and Æthelred the Unready wrote later in a charter from 993 that the event had deprived the country of one `` whose industry and pastoral care administered not only to Æthelred the Unready interest but also to that of all inhabitants of the country '' .
 Æthelwold   died  

 At one teaspoon of sugar per ounce , cranberry juice cocktail is more highly sweetened than even soda drinks that have been linked to obesity .
 cranberry juice cocktail   more highly sweetened  

 The NTSB Witness Group concluded that the streak of light reported by witnesses might have been the actual airplane during some stage of TWA Flight 800 flight before the fireball developed , noting that most of the 258 streak of light accounts were generally consistent with the calculated flightpath of the accident airplane after the CWT explosion .
 the fireball   developed  

 In 2007 , BA announced that the advertising spot at Heathrow where a 40 % scale model of Concorde was located would not be retained ; the model is now on display at the Brooklands Museum .
 the advertising spot at Heathrow   would not be retained  

 In addition , Oscillation may be subject to some external force , as when an AC circuit is connected to an outside power source .
 an AC circuit   is connected  

 The phantom Pepys Island , alleged to be near South Georgia , was named after Samuel Pepys in 1684 , having been first discovered during Samuel Pepys tenure at the Admiralty .
 The phantom Pepys Island   alleged  

 Many users of 1 MHz 6502-based systems soon wished their computers could go faster .
 their computers   could go faster  

 Some Left-arm unorthodox spin bowlers bowl a leg spinner 's `` googly '' ( or `` wrong ` un '' ) , which turns from right to left on the cricket pitch .
 Some Left-arm unorthodox spin bowlers   bowl  

 One technique proposed was to place books in an evacuated chamber , then introduce diethylzinc ( DEZ ) .
 One technique   proposed  

 In general , light that is passing through an aperture will experience diffraction and the best images that can be created ( as described in diffraction-limited optics ) appear as a central spot with surrounding bright rings , separated by dark nulls ; this pattern is known as an Airy pattern , and the central bright lobe as an Airy disk .
 the best images   can be created  

 Epicurus is a key figure in the development of science and the scientific method because of Epicurus insistence that nothing should be believed , except that which was tested through direct observation and logical deduction .
 nothing   should be believed  

 The Friedmans worked on this project for the next three years , and during 1980 , the ten-part series , titled Free to Choose , was broadcast by the Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) .
 the ten-part series   titled  

 The listing below follows FishBase with notes when this differs from Nelson and ITIS .
 this   differs  

 His expected score , calculated according to the formula above , was ( 0.506 + 0.686 + 0.785 + 0.539 + 0.351 ) = 2.867 .
 His expected score   calculated  

 This left the capital city Kabul `` wide open '' to many sides as Ismail Khan had been defeated to the west , Gulbuddin Hekmatyar had vacated Ahmad Shah Massoud positions to the south and the fall and surrender of Jalalabad had suddenly opened a new front to the east .
 Ismail Khan   had been defeated  

 The hormones that are released during puberty can be defined using an etic framework , because adolescents globally have the same hormones being secreted .
 the same hormones   being secreted  

 Eurasian Avars followed , battling the Byzantine Empire , to be replaced by the Slavs .
 Eurasian Avars   followed  

 Jakob Bernays suggested that Sulpicius Severus based Sulpicius Severus narrative of the destruction of Jerusalem by Titus on the account given by Tacitus in Sulpicius Severus Histories , a portion of which has been lost .
 a portion of which   has been lost  

 The first significant result in this area , Fagin 's theorem ( 1974 ) established that NP is precisely the set of languages expressible by sentences of existential second-order logic .
 precisely the set of languages   expressible  

 When these activities became known , a protest erupted in front of the Stasi headquarters .
 these activities   became known  

 Various polls , formulas , and other third-party systems have been used to determine national championships , not all of which are universally accepted .
 not all of which   are universally accepted  

 The Simpsons episode `` Treehouse of Horror XX '' contains several scenes from the film as well as other Hitchcock films in North by Northwest first segment , `` Dial 'M ' for Murder or Press ' In the NCIS episode `` Enemy on the Hill '' ( Season 9 , episode 4 ) , the prime suspect being pursued is named `` George Kaplan '' and appears to exist only on paper .
 the prime suspect   being pursued  

 This can be used by a high-speed polling device driver , which can poll the hardware once in only three cycles by using a Branch-on-oVerflow-Clear ( BVC ) instruction that branches to MOS Technology 6502 ; for example the Commodore 1541 and other Commodore floppy disk drives use MOS Technology 6502 to detect as quickly as possible whether the serializer is ready to accept or provide another byte of disk data , as a normal test-and-branch loop takes seven cycles which is too slow in that particular application .
 the serializer   to accept  

 She said the `` national responsibility ( bestowed ) by the public brings Shaul Mofaz to approach this job with great reverence '' .
 the `` national responsibility   bestowed  

 Folksinger and blues musician Lead Belly references Johnson in a song about the Titanic : `` Jack Johnson wan na get on board , Captain said Jack Johnson (boxer) ai n't hauling no coal .
 Captain   said  

 This allows verification that the data has not been corrupted since Ogg was created .
 Ogg   was created  

 He also says that when he and Palin were asked to do the sketch for Saturday Night Live Dead Parrot sketch sat down together to try to remember the lines , and when Dead Parrot sketch got stuck Dead Parrot sketch considered just going out and stopping somebody on the street to ask how Dead Parrot sketch went , since everybody seemed to have Dead Parrot sketch memorised .
 Dead Parrot   memorised  

 The journalist Matthias Erzberger established the Zentralstelle für Auslandsdienst ( Central Office for Foreign Services ) , which distributed propaganda to neutral nations ( especially after the invasion of Belgium ) .
 The journalist   established  

 Although Depp has not remarried , Johnny Depp has stated that having children has given Johnny Depp `` real foundation , a real strong place to stand in life , in work , in everything '' .
 Depp   has not remarried  

 In Finland , male citizens aged 18 -- 30 years must prove that they have completed , or are exempt from , the obligatory military service when applying for a Finnish passport .
 male citizens   aged  

 Samuel Pepys also taught Samuel Pepys wife to sing , and paid for dancing lessons for her ( although these stopped when Samuel Pepys became jealous of the dancing master ) .
 Samuel Pepys wife   to sing  

 As PCR progresses , the DNA generated is Polymerase chain reaction used as a template for replication , setting in motion a chain reaction in which the DNA template is exponentially amplified .
 the DNA   generated  

 In November 1974 , two Belgian priests carried out a rigorous inspection on the instructions of a commission of cardinals , producing , it was said , a favourable report .
 it   was said  

 In 2006 , Nightwood Editions published radiant danse uv being ( Jeff Pew & Stephen Roxborough , eds .
 Nightwood Editions   uv being  

 A widespread view exists that the first cultivation took place on the island of Crete .
 A widespread view   exists  

 Ealdred (bishop) built the monastic church of St Peter at Gloucester ( now Gloucester Cathedral , though nothing of Ealdred (bishop) fabric remains ) , then part of Ealdred (bishop) diocese of Worcester .
 nothing of Ealdred (bishop) fabric   remains  

 Estuary is a dynamic ecosystem with a connection with the open sea through which the sea water enters with the rhythm of the tides .
 the sea water   enters  

 `` The weight of a citizen 's vote can not be made to depend on where Earl Warren lives .
 Earl Warren   lives  

 Language acquisition is one of the quintessential human traits , because nonhumans do not communicate by using language .
 nonhumans   do not communicate  

 In case the electric charge of an object can be assumed to be at rest , Potential energy has potential energy due to Potential energy position relative to other charged objects .
 the electric charge of an object   can be assumed  

 Bosworth-Toller 's Anglo-Saxon Dictionary defines the noun unræd in various ways , though it seems always to have been used pejoratively .
 it   to have been used pejoratively  

 The rule is named after the 17th-century French mathematician Guillaume de l'Hôpital , who published the rule in his book Analyse des Infiniment Petits pour l'Intelligence des Lignes Courbes ( literal translation : Analysis of the Infinitely Small for the Understanding of Curved Lines ) ( 1696 ) , the first textbook on differential calculus .
 The rule   is named  

 22When the three hundred trumpets sounded , Adonai caused the men throughout the camp to turn on each other with their swords .
 the three hundred trumpets   sounded  

 In plying , two or more yarns are spun together , almost always in the opposite sense from which Crochet were spun individually ; for example , two Z-twist yarns are usually plied with an S-twist .
 Crochet   were spun individually  

 The population is aging , although the process of immigration is countering the inversion of the population pyramid .
 The population   is aging  

 Afterward , a German field hospital is shown with uncontrollably laughing German soldiers in blood-stained bandages , being attended to by medics with stoppered ears .
 a German field hospital   is shown  

 As this ice layer is sublimated , Asteroid may be getting replenished by a reservoir of ice under the surface .
 this ice layer   is sublimated  

 `` The Caesars ' house in Rome , the Palatium , received in a shorter space of time no less than four Emperors , '' Plutarch writes , `` passing , as it were , across the stage , and one making room for another to enter '' ( Galba 1 ) .
 it   were  

 The theoretical tidal contribution to ΔT is about +42 s/cy2 the smaller observed value is thought to be mostly due to changes in the shape of the Earth .
 the smaller observed value   is thought  

 The Commission concluded that the assassination was the result of a single individual , Lee Harvey Oswald , acting alone .
 Lee Harvey Oswald   acting alone  

 In the 880s , at the same time that Alfred the Great was `` cajoling and threatening '' Alfred the Great nobles to build and man the burhs , Alfred , perhaps inspired by the example of Charlemagne almost a century before , undertook an equally ambitious effort to revive learning .
 the Great   nobles to build  

 The genus contains a number of species , however , Nicotiana tabacum is the most commonly grown .
 Nicotiana tabacum   is  

 If this diagonal is oriented vertically with a height of 1 , then the first five slices above occur at heights r , 3/8 , 1/2 , 5/8 , and s , where r is any number in the range ( 0,1 / 4 , and s is any number in the range 3/4 ,1 ) .
 this diagonal   is oriented vertically  

 That is , for an abstract sequence ( an ) ( with n running from 1 to infinity understood ) the value of an approaches L as n → ∞ , denoted More precisely , Sequence converges if there exists a limit L such that the remaining an 's are arbitrarily close to L for some n large enough .
 Sequence   converges  

 If the high-rated player wins , only a few rating points will be taken from the low-rated player .
 the high-rated player   wins  

 Employed as an adjective , Paranoia has become attached to a diverse set of presentations , from Paranoia schizophrenia , through Paranoia depression , to Paranoia personality -- not to mention a motley collection of paranoid ` psychoses ' , ` reactions ' , and ` states ' -- and this is to restrict discussion to functional disorders .
 Paranoia   attached  

 The three days thus gained gave a vital breathing space to the Royal Navy to arrange to evacuate the British and Allied troops .
 The three days   gained  

 In 1982 Commodore VIC-20 was the best-selling computer of the year , with sold .
 the best-selling computer of the year   sold  

 However , a defendant shown to be willfully ignorant may in fact be eligible for perjury prosecution .
 a defendant   shown  

 The need to adjudicate issues involving commercial transactions between traders belonging to different cities led to the development of the theory of statuta , whereby certain city laws would be considered as statuta personalia `` following '' the person whereby Conflict of laws may act , and other city laws would be considered as statuta realia , resulting in application of the law of the city where , e.g. , the res would be located ( cf. lex rei sitae ) .
 Conflict of laws   may act  

 In The light of all given data Palestinian people probably expected to doubling in number of Palestinian Population after 23 years .
 all given data Palestinian people   probably expected  

 Politics of Cuba are not allowed to appeal to any higher court .
 Politics of Cuba   are not allowed  

 At the senate 's request , Marcus Aurelius joined all the priestly colleges ( pontifices , augures , quindecimviri sacris faciundis , septemviri epulonum , etc. ) ; direct evidence for membership , however , is available only for the Arval Brethren .
 all the priestly colleges   quindecimviri  

 In the end , however , despite renewed tensions with the Camisards of south-central France at the end of Louis XIV of France reign , Louis may have helped ensure that Louis XIV of France successor would experience fewer instances of the religion-based disturbances that had plagued Louis XIV of France forebears .
 Louis XIV of France   forebears  

 When the island was discovered , Saint Helena was covered with unique indigenous vegetation , including a remarkable cabbage tree species .
 the island   was discovered  

 Neptunium ( named for the planet Neptune , the next planet out from Uranus , after which uranium was named ) was discovered by Edwin McMillan and Philip H. Abelson in 1940 in Berkeley , California .
 uranium   was named  

 Where approval for a drug has been given , and subsequent Evidence-based medicine findings indicating that a drug may be less safe than originally anticipated , some insurers in the U.S. have reacted very cautiously and withdrawn funding .
 some insurers in the U.S.   have reacted very cautiously  

 In general , many alternative functional forms can appear to follow a power-law form for some extent .
 many alternative functional forms   can appear  

 Also , natural resource extraction can be a very profitable industry ( high value added ) , e.g. , oil extraction .
 high value   added  

 Proinsulin is necessary for the folding of the polypeptide chain as the 2 polypeptide chains of insulin may not correctly assemble into the correct form while Proteolysis precursor proinsulin do .
 Proteolysis precursor proinsulin   do  

 Of particular use is the ability to recover the probability distribution function of a random variable X by means of the Laplace transform as follows When one says `` the Laplace transform '' without qualification , the unilateral or one-sided transform is normally intended .
 the unilateral or one-sided transform   is normally intended  

 Economic chaos also resulted ; with the Company now unable to enforce any monopoly , provincial towns began establishing printing presses , producing cheaper books than the London booksellers .
 Economic chaos   resulted  

 The estrogen research hypothesizes that the disease may be linked to a hormonal imbalance in the brain .
 the disease   may be linked  

 When Brundage retired the IOC had US$ 2 million in assets ; eight years later the IOC coffers had swelled to US$ 45 million .
 Brundage   retired  

 A period of division for the Liberals followed , with former Treasurer John Howard competing with former Foreign Minister Andrew Peacock for supremacy .
 A period of division for the Liberals   followed  

 Although the public practice of Satanism began in 1966 with the founding of the Church of Satan , some historical precedents exist : Satanism called the Ophite Cultus Satanas was founded in Ohio by Herbert Arthur Sloane in 1948 .
 some historical precedents   exist  

 The regime was weakened further in the 1980s as the Cold War drew to a close and Somalia strategic importance was diminished .
 the Cold War   was diminished  

 Olivier was among the last white actors to be greatly acclaimed as Othello , although the role continued to be played by such performers as Paul Scofield at the Royal National Theatre in 1980 , Anthony Hopkins in the BBC Shakespeare television production on videotape .
 the role   continued  

 Fisher 's early education was probably received in the school attached to the collegiate church in John Fisher home town .
 the school   attached  

 A spokesperson for the ACMD said , `` The recent article by Professor David Nutt published in the Journal of Psychopharmacology was done in respect of his academic work and not as chair of the ACMD '' .
 The recent article by Professor David Nutt   was done  

 The British Parliament confirmed that a British Arctic `` whale-fishery '' would continue to benefit by freedom from Customs duties and in 1724 South Sea Company decided to commence whaling .
 a British Arctic `` whale-fishery   would continue  

 However , if she is accelerating at rate A in the negative y-direction ( in other words , slowing down ) , she will find Candace 's acceleration to be a ' = a - A in the negative y-direction - a smaller value than Alfred has measured .
 Alfred   has measured  

 Timothy Freke ( born 1959 ) is a British author of books on religion and mysticism .
 Timothy Freke   born  

 When PC motherboard makers started to include onboard ATA interfaces in place of the earlier ISA plug-in cards , there was usually only one ATA connector on the board , which could support up to two hard drives .
 the board   could support up  

 An important problem , TA has to deal with Technology assessment , is the so-called Collingridge dilemma : on the one hand , impacts of new technologies can not be easily predicted until the technology is extensively developed and widely used ; on the other hand , control or change of a technology is difficult as soon as Technology assessment is widely used .
 the technology   is extensively developed  

 Whilst on the surface the new Potsdamer Platz appears so far to have lived up to Potsdamer Platz expectations as a futuristic centre of commerce at the heart of Europe 's youngest capital city , there has been much debate as to just how successful Potsdamer Platz really is .
 the new Potsdamer Platz   appears  

 In June , a Fox sound newsreel depicting his return welcomes in New York and Washington , D.C. , was shown .
 a Fox sound newsreel   was shown  

 These measures gave each platoon a clearer picture of how Battle of Vimy Ridge fitted into the greater battle plan , and in so doing , reduced the command and control problems that plagued First World War combat .
 so   doing  

 Appendicitis incorporates the presence of four variables made up of specific signs and symptoms ( presence of right lower abdominal tenderness = 4 points and rebound tenderness = 3 ) , laboratory findings ( presence of white blood cells greater than 12,000 in the blood = 2 ) , as well as ultrasound findings ( presence of positive ultrasound scan findings of appendicitis = 6 ) , to which scores are allocated , in the computing of a scoring to predict the presence of appendicitis.The maximum score is a total score of 15 ; where a patient scores 8 or more points , there is greater than 96 % chance that appendicitis exists .
 four variables   made up  

 Anglican opinion has differed as to the way in which episcopal government is de jure divino .
 Anglican opinion   has differed  

 Instead of headquartering the company in a downtown Houston skyscraper , Canion chose a West Coast-style campus surrounded by forests , where every employee had similar offices and no-one ( not even the CEO ) had a reserved parking spot .
 a West Coast-style campus   surrounded  

 FIFA 's regulations now state that FIFA World Cup Trophy , unlike its predecessor , can not be won outright : the winners of the tournament receive a replica which is gold plated rather than solid gold .
 FIFA World Cup Trophy   can not be won outright  

 But the story has gone crooked , & I am left , and J. R. R. Tolkien can not plead before the inexorable Mandos .
 I   am left  

 A very large quad-size hangar , which appears to have four separate sets of doors , along with two other hangars are visible .
 A very large quad-size hangar   appears  

 Three days later , with the series tied 1 -- 1 , Christy Mathewson pitched another 4-hit shutout .
 the series   tied  

 The extent of recovery depends on how many axons were damaged .
 how many axons   were damaged  

 Great Barrier Reef employs approximately 2000 people , and fishing in the Great Barrier Reef is pursued commercially , for recreation , and as a traditional means for feeding one 's family .
 fishing in the Great Barrier Reef   is pursued commercially  

 Around 1400 we see the ` loop ' shaped trumpet appear in paintings and at some point in the 15th century , a single slide was added .
 a single slide   was added  

 SuperJanet4 saw the implementation of a 2.5 Gbit/s core backbone from which connections to regional network points of presence were made at speeds ranging between 155 Mbit/s to 2.5 Gbit/s depending upon the size of the regional network .
 speeds   ranging  

 A Roman soldier commanded Archimedes to come and meet General Marcellus but Archimedes declined , saying that Archimedes had to finish working on the problem .
 Archimedes   to come  

 `` The Egyptian sun god Ra , considered the father of all pharaohs , was said to have created himself from a pyramid-shaped mound of earth before creating all other gods .
 The Egyptian sun god Ra   was said  

 Cromwell 's actions , including Oliver Cromwell campaigns in Ireland and Oliver Cromwell dissolution of the Long Parliament , according to Carlyle , had to be appreciated and praised as a whole .
 Cromwell 's actions , including Oliver Cromwell campaigns in Ireland and Oliver Cromwell dissolution of the Long Parliament , according to Carlyle   to be appreciated  

 At a Carnegie Hall tribute to mark Paul Robeson 75th birthday in 1973 , Paul Robeson was unable to attend , but a taped message from Paul Robeson was played that said : `` Though Paul Robeson have not been able to be active for several years , Paul Robeson want you to know that Paul Robeson am the same Paul , dedicated as ever to the worldwide cause of humanity for freedom , peace and brotherhood '' .
 a taped message from Paul Robeson   was played  

 Alternatively , future loans of the North of London sets to other operators would enable the trains to operate at their full speed , unlike GNER 's previous loan between 2000 and 2005 , where the trains were limited to on regular track .
 the trains   to operate  

 A road rally is a navigation event on public roads whereby competiors must visit a number of checkpoints in diverse geographical locations while still obeying road traffic laws ( not to be confused with car rallies such as WRC ) '' ' '' ' .
 road traffic laws   not to be confused  

 Once Osaka Castle had been taken and Toyotomi Hideyoshi 's offspring killed , though , the Tokugawa dominance was assured .
 Osaka Castle   had been taken  

 However , stability would not have been seriously affected if the harbor had not been constructed over a geological fault line that runs along the coast .
 stability   would not have been seriously affected  

 For example , a combination of depressant drugs that affect the central nervous system ( CNS ) , such as alcohol and Valium , can cause a greater reaction than simply the sum of the individual effects of each drug if they were used separately .
 they   were used separately  

 Determinacy refers to the possible existence of winning strategies for certain two-player games ( the games are said to be determined ) .
 the games   to be determined  

 When Nintendo revived the industry , Atari 7800 signed up software development companies to create NES games under a strict license agreement which imposed serious restrictions on what they were allowed to do .
 they   to do  

 But after a few months Afzal Khan raised an insurrection in the north of the country , where Abdur Rahman Khan had been governing when Abdur Rahman Khan father died .
 Abdur Rahman Khan father   died  

 Although the jaws protrude , the lips are thrust out only when Chimpanzee pouts .
 the jaws   protrude  

 Where Hitler 's style was hoarse and passionate , Goebbels ' was cool , sarcastic and often humorous : Joseph Goebbels was a master of biting invective and insinuation , although Joseph Goebbels could whip Joseph Goebbels into a rhetorical frenzy if the occasion demanded .
 the occasion   demanded  

 This was because IRIS GL was considered easier to use , and because OpenGL supported immediate mode rendering .
 immediate mode   rendering  

 `` Consensual nonconsent '' may also occur if the top and the submissive are reenacting a punishment scene ( e.g. a shipboard flogging ) in which the offender , played by the submissive , is sentenced to receive a certain number of lashes as punishment .
 e.g. a shipboard   flogging  

 A recent study by the organization Oceana revealed that over one-third of collected seafood samples in the U.S. has not been labeled correctly .
 over one-third of collected seafood samples in the U.S.   has not been labeled correctly  

 Jesus ' words are not to be taken literally -- we should seek the supercelestial ὑπερουράνιος meaning in which the true route to salvation is revealed .
 Jesus ' words   not to be taken literally  

 If mitemcinal can be shown to be an effective a prokinetic agent , Erythromycin would represent a significant advance in the GI field as treatment with this drug would not carry the risk of unintentional selection for antibiotic-resistant bacteria .
 mitemcinal   can be shown  

 On 8 January 2007 , as the Battle of Ras Kamboni raged , TFG President and founder Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed , a former colonel in the Somali Army and decorated war hero , entered Mogadishu for the first time since being elected to office .
 the Battle of Ras Kamboni   raged  

 A posthumous retrial opened after the war ended .
 the war   ended  

 Weight is the gravitational force acting on a given body -- which differs depending on the gravitational pull of the opposing body ( e.g. , a person 's weight on Earth vs on the Moon ) -- while mass is an intrinsic property of that body that never changes .
 that body   never changes  

 Milk alkali syndrome declined in men after effective treatments were developed for peptic ulcer disease .
 effective treatments   were developed  

 Emperor Rudolph -- whose health was failing -- was forced to abdicate as King of Bohemia by Johannes Kepler brother Matthias .
 Emperor Rudolph   was failing  

 The extensive rainforests of the Carboniferous had disappeared , leaving behind vast regions of arid desert within the continental interior .
 The extensive rainforests of the Carboniferous   had disappeared  

 Eugene Ionesco said that all of Jules Verne works , whether directly or indirectly , were written in celebration of Captain Hatteras 's conquest of the North Pole .
 all of Jules Verne   works  

 22 - `` Hegesippus d. 180 - see above under Eusebius who lived at a period not far from the Apostolic age , writing a History of all ecclesiastical events , from the passion of our Lord down to Antinous own period ... arguing against idols , Antinous wrote ... showing from what error they had first arisen , and this work indicates in what age Antinous flourished .
 Antinous   wrote  

 The other nine to fourteen word meanings need to be picked up in some other way .
 The other nine to fourteen word meanings   to be picked up  

 The oldest example of minuscule cursive writing that has been discovered is a letter on papyrus , found in Egypt , dating from the 4th century .
 minuscule cursive writing   has been discovered  

 In Priority queue , the priority of each inserted element is monotonically decreasing ; thus , the first element inserted is always the first retrieved .
 the first element   inserted  

 Jean Cocteau denied being a Surrealist or being in any way attached to the movement .
 any way   attached  

 Apostolic succession is Roman Catholic doctrine that the teaching of Apostolicae Curae is a truth to be `` held definitively '' , as evidenced by commentary by then-Cardinal Ratzinger , later Pope Benedict XVI .
 a truth   to be  

 Unable to compete in the new market economy and in need of massive repairs , the colorful ambience once associated with the bustling area of merchant stalls disappeared in 1971 , when Les Halles was dismantled ; the wholesale market was relocated to the suburb of Rungis .
 Les Halles   was dismantled  

 The area between the east and west coast highlands , which north of 17 ° N is mainly desert , is divided into separate basins by other bands of high ground , one of which runs nearly centrally through North Africa in a line corresponding roughly with the curved axis of the continent as a whole .
 a line   corresponding  

 One twist to the hypothesis by engineer Thomas Dehel ( 2006 ) , proposes that plasmoid magnetic fields ejected from the magnetosphere may move the few spores lifted from the Earth 's atmosphere with sufficient speed to cross interstellar space to other systems before the spores can be destroyed .
 the spores   can be destroyed  

 Canadians of European origin such as Joni 's grandfather had only begun to settle there in recent decades .
 Canadians of European origin such as Joni 's grandfather   had only begun  

 Because the Foreign Office 's diplomats were not so sunny in their appraisal of the prospects for an alliance , Joachim von Ribbentrop influence with Hitler increased .
 Joachim von Ribbentrop influence with Hitler   increased  

 Fisher seems to have had close contacts with John Fisher extended family all John Fisher life .
 Fisher   to have had  

 With a radio advertising campaign featuring the jingle `` Pepsi hits the spot / Twelve full ounces , that 's a lot / Twice as much for a nickel , too / Pepsi is the drink for you '' , arranged in such a way that the jingle never ends .
 a radio advertising campaign   featuring  

 Some universities that do highly sensitive research are allowed to connect to National Security Agency .
 Some universities that do highly sensitive research   are allowed  

 The AFL suggested to the SANFL that if Port Adelaide Football Club did n't want Port Adelaide to join the AFL , Port Adelaide Football Club could put forward a counter bid to enter a composite South Australian side into the AFL .
 Port Adelaide   to join  

 Whereas 6 % Conservative to Labour swings were produced in the two previous by-elections to 2006 , won by a councillor from the incumbent party ( in both cases the party of a councillor who had died ) .
 a councillor   had died  

 Fieschi , a native of Corsica , attacked Louis Philippe I entourage with the `` infernal machine '' , a self-built weapon consisting of twenty five gun barrels fastened together .
 twenty five gun barrels   fastened together  

 By keeping the `` noise '' of chronic inflammation to a minimum , the localized acute inflammatory response signals a stronger anabolic response than could be achieved with higher levels of chronic inflammation .
 a stronger anabolic response than   could be achieved  

 Arizona 's statute criminalizing unauthorized practice of law was allowed to lapse from a sunset law in 1985 .
 Arizona 's statute   was allowed  

 As continental drift became more widely accepted during the 1960s , and the increased understanding of plate tectonics demonstrated the impossibility of a lost continent in the geologically recent past , most `` Lost Continent '' theories of Atlantis began to wane in popularity .
 most `` Lost Continent '' theories of Atlantis   to wane  

 T'ai chi ch ` uan / Tai chi chuan is formed by the combination of three hanzi : ( Hanzi -- Wade-Giles / Pinyin -- Meaning ) Despite having a single Chinese spelling , 太極拳 , there are two different spellings in English usage , one derived from the Wade-Giles and the other from the Pinyin transliteration , with the West mostly being familiar with the Wade-Giles , t ` ai chi ch ` uan .
 Hanzi   Meaning  

 Although Mazda 's concept was for the MX-5 to be an inexpensive sports car , the market proved extremely eager for Mazda MX-5 ; the car became an overnight novelty , resulting in many dealers placing customers on lists for pre-order due to the demand exceeding the anticipated supply .
 Mazda 's concept   was  

 The amount of power required to heat Corona can easily be calculated as the difference between coronal radiative losses and heating by thermal conduction toward the chromosphere through the transition region .
 The amount of power   required  

 National Rail is a title used to promote passenger railway services , and providing some harmonisation for passengers ( e.g.
 a title   used  

 However , unlike Western themes , the ones that Russian composers wrote tended to be even more self-contained than those in Russian folk songs , even when they were written with broad , multi-phrase structures as Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky tended to do .
 they   were written  

 As the firing velocity is increased , the cannonball hits the ground farther ( B ) away from the cannon , because while the ball is still falling towards the ground , the ground is increasingly curving away from Orbit ( see first point , above ) .
 the firing velocity   is increased  

 In addition , 45 court houses were burned ( out of 830 ) .
 45 court houses   were burned  

 As tribal populations grew , fertility was no longer a valid justification of polygamy : Polygamy was lawful among the ancient fathers : whether Polygamy be lawful now also , I would not hastily pronounce ( utrum et nunc fas sit , non temere dixerim ) .
 I   would not hastily pronounce  

 However , Gould acknowledged that `` most female orgasms emanate from a clitoral , rather than vaginal ( or some other ) , site '' and stated that his nonadaptive belief `` has been widely misunderstood as a denial of either the adaptive value of female orgasm in general , or even as a claim that female orgasms lack significance in some broader sense '' .
 his nonadaptive belief   has been widely misunderstood  

 The Materpiscis fossil is believed to be the earliest organism capable of internal fertilisation .
 The Materpiscis fossil   is believed  

 Odysseus tried to avoid Odysseus by feigning lunacy , as an oracle had prophesied a long-delayed return home for him if he went .
 he   went  

 He went on to produce the Hammond organ , which was based on the principles of the Telharmonium , along with other developments including early reverberation units .
 He   went on  

 Mali is estimated to have in excess of 17,400 tonnes of uranium ( measured + indicated + inferred ) .
 Mali   to have  

 Many of these treatments are alleged to help against only specific forms of cancer .
 Many of these treatments   are alleged  

 Lynch however refused , arguing that Lucas should direct the film David Lynch as the movie should reflect David Lynch own vision , not Lynch 's take on it .
 Lynch   refused  

 One advantage gained by owning the stadium is that the teams saved considerable money in tax payments .
 One advantage   gained  

 ( Note : Astronomy should not be confused with astrology , which assumes that people 's destiny and human affairs in general are correlated to the apparent positions of astronomical objects in the sky -- although the two fields share a common origin , Outline of physical science are quite different ; astronomers embrace the scientific method , while astrologers do not .
 astrologers   do not  

 Certain Hell's Hinges is the thing is marvelously well done .
 the thing   is marvelously well done  

 Ashcroft composed a paean titled , `` Let the Eagle Soar , '' which John Ashcroft sang at the Gordon-Conwell Theological Seminary in February 2002 .
 a paean   titled  

 The length of this description of s is the sum of This proves the desired upper bound .
 the desired upper   bound  

 The Genesee Valley Canal was run along the Genesee River to connect with the Allegheny River at Olean , but the Allegheny section , which would have connected to the Ohio and Mississippi rivers , was never built .
 the Allegheny section   was never built  

 Although control systems of various types date back to antiquity , a more formal analysis of the field began with a dynamics analysis of the centrifugal governor , conducted by the physicist James Clerk Maxwell in 1868 , entitled On Governors .
 a dynamics analysis of the centrifugal governor , conducted by the physicist James Clerk Maxwell in 1868   entitled  

 Also , the same term is sometimes used by statists to mean government-owned property that the general public is allowed to access ( public property ) .
 the general public   is allowed  

 For instance , while baseline measurements of circulating inflammatory markers do not seem to differ greatly between healthy trained and untrained adults , long-term chronic training may help reduce chronic low-grade inflammation .
 while baseline measurements of circulating inflammatory markers   do not seem  

 The unfolding and folding of the wings is operated by muscles attached to the wing base ; as long as the tension on the radial and cubital veins remains , the wings remain straight .
 muscles   attached  

 In the game of poker , a betting round is said to be Closed (poker) if no player will have the right to raise in the round .
 a betting round   to be Closed  

 Antibiotic resistance has been shown to increase with duration of treatment ; therefore , as long as a clinically effective lower limit is observed ( that depends upon the organism and antibiotic in question ) , the use by the medical community of shorter courses of Antibiotic resistance is likely to decrease rates of resistance , reduce cost , and have better outcomes due to fewer complications such as C. difficile infection and diarrhea .
 a clinically effective lower limit   is observed  

 ( Semitic languages is not generally agreed whether the systems of the various Semitic languages are better interpreted in terms of tense , i.e. past vs.
 Semitic languages   is not generally agreed  

 The biblical regulations pertaining to the original Passover ( at the time of the Exodus only , also include how the meal was to be eaten : `` with your loins girded , your shoes on your feet , and your staff in your hand ; and ye shall eat Passover in haste : Passover is the LORD 's passover '' .
 the meal   to be eaten  

 Third Prize winners ( up to 25 winners of this were allowed ) received an autographed copy of `` Encyclopedia Brown and the Case of the Treasure Hunt '' .
 up to 25 winners of this   were allowed  

 The Xeer legal system is assumed to have developed exclusively in the Horn of Africa since approximately the 7th century .
 The Xeer legal system   is assumed  

 The South To Kill a Mockingbird , with To Kill a Mockingbird traditions and taboos , seems to drive the plot more than the characters .
 The South   seems  

 While courts have specifically made clear certain instances which have succeeded or failed to meet the nebulous threshold for materiality , the topic remains unresolved in large part , except in certain legal areas where intent manifests Perjury in an abundantly clear fashion , such as with the so-called perjury trap , a specific situation in which a prosecutor calls a person to testify before a grand jury with the intent of drawing a perjurious statement from the person being questioned .
 the person   being questioned  

 Spanish language contains , however , other vocabulary which is not found in standard Spanish , including vocabulary from Hebrew , French , Greek and Turkish , and other languages spoken where the Sephardim settled .
 the Sephardim   settled  

 Greenberg labelled the products of consumer culture `` kitsch '' , because their design aimed simply to have maximum appeal , with any difficult features removed .
 any difficult features   removed  

 Each side , but primarily India , continued to make allegations of incursions into Geography of China territory by the other .
 Each side , but primarily India   continued  

 LTTE ordered civilians to boycott the local government elections of 1983 in which even TULF contested .
 even TULF   contested  

 Code coverage was among the first methods invented for systematic software testing .
 the first methods   invented  

 In this case , the pyrophoricity of potassium means extra precautions against leaks need to be taken .
 extra precautions against leaks   to be taken  

 His will was set aside , Mary became queen , and Lady Jane Grey was executed .
 Lady Jane Grey   was executed  

 Robeson stated the best way to diminish the oppression African-Americans faced was for Paul Robeson artistic work to be an example of what `` men of Paul Robeson colour '' could accomplish rather than to `` be a propagandist and make speeches and write articles about what they call the Colour Question '' .
 men of Paul Robeson colour   could accomplish  

 The most common of these , geometric optics , treats light as a collection of rays that travel in straight lines and bend when Optics pass through or reflect from surfaces .
 Optics   reflect  

 In trying to `` figure out '' Propaganda , the audience forgoes judgment of the ideas presented .
 In trying to `` figure out '' Propaganda , the audience forgoes judgment of the ideas   presented  

 Mithridates II of Parthia later coins show Mithridates II of Parthia bearded , wearing the high domed Parthian crown applied with a star .
 Mithridates II of Parthia   bearded  

 Pong proved to be very popular ; Atari released a large number of Pong-based arcade games over the next few years as the mainstay of the company .
 Pong   proved  

 The Confederate Constitution also incorporated each of the 12 amendments to the U.S. Constitution that had been ratified up to that point .
 the 12 amendments to the U.S. Constitution   had been ratified up  

 Neil Peart first exposure to musical training came in the form of piano lessons , which Neil Peart later said in Neil Peart instructional video A Work in Progress did not have much impact on Neil Peart .
 Neil Peart first exposure to musical training   came  

 However , scholar Christopher Metress connects the mockingbird to Boo Radley : `` Instead of wanting to exploit Boo for her own fun ( as she does in the beginning of the novel by putting on gothic plays about his history ) , Scout comes to see him as a ` mockingbird ' -- that is , as someone with an inner goodness that must be cherished '' .
 an inner goodness   must be cherished  

 The portion of the state east of the Mississippi River became part of the United States at the end of the American Revolutionary War , when the Second Treaty of Paris was signed .
 the Second Treaty of Paris   was signed  

 The impact of the Lombard migration on the Late Roman aristocracy was disruptive , especially in combination with the Gothic War ; the latter conflict had finished in the north only in 562 , when the last Gothic stronghold , Verona , was taken .
 the last Gothic stronghold   was taken  

 Joseph Conrad ( born Joseph Conrad ; 3 December 1857 -- 3 August 1924 ) was a Polish author who wrote in English after settling in England .
 born   Joseph Conrad  

 However , in May 2006 , Juventus became one of the five clubs linked to a Serie A match fixing scandal , the result of which saw the club relegated to Serie B for the first time in Juventus F.C. history .
 the five clubs   linked  

 The captain commented on the `` crazy '' readings of the number 4 engine fuel flow gauge about 2-1/2 minutes before the CVR recording ended .
 the CVR recording   ended  

 Then , with artist David Mazzucchelli , Frank Miller (comics) crafted a seven-issue story arc that , like The Dark Knight Returns , similarly redefined and reinvigorated its main character .
 The Dark Knight Returns   similarly redefined  

 This type of propeller is most common on ships such as tugs where there can be enormous differences in propeller loading when towing compared to running free , a change which could cause conventional propellers to lock up as insufficient torque is generated .
 insufficient torque   is generated  

 The decline of Minoan civilization and the decline in use of bronze tools in favor of iron ones seem to be correlated .
 The decline of Minoan civilization and the decline in use of bronze tools in favor of iron ones   to be correlated  

 Pressing the Town button actuated a motor to rotate the tuning mechanism while the receiver sensitivity was reduced so that only local ( stronger ) signals would be received .
 only local ( stronger ) signals   would be received  

 Electric guitar amplifiers typically have built-in reverb and distortion , while acoustic guitar and keyboard amplifiers tend to only have built-in reverb .
 acoustic guitar and keyboard amplifiers   tend  

 In some U.S. states , a program called RecycleBank pays people to recycle , receiving money from local municipalities for the reduction in landfill space which must be purchased .
 people   to recycle  

 In her sleeve notes on the 1992 Deutsche Grammophon release of Treemonisha she notes that Scott Joplin `` plunged feverishly into the task of orchestrating Scott Joplin opera , day and night , with Scott Joplin friend Sam Patterson standing by to copy out the parts , page by page , as each page of the full score was completed '' .
 each page of the full score   was completed  

 It may be shown that if one samples uniformly , with replacement , from a population of size M , the number of trials required for the first repeated sampling of some individual has expected value , where The function With M = 365 days in a year , the average number of people required to find a pair with the same birthday is , slightly more than the number required for a 50 % chance .
 It   may be shown  

 This provoked a reply from Fox , yet Edmund Burke was unable to give Edmund Burke speech for some time since Edmund Burke was overcome with tears and emotion , Edmund Burke appealed to Burke to remember their inalienable friendship but also repeated Edmund Burke criticisms of Burke and uttered `` unusually bitter sarcasms '' .
 Edmund Burke   was overcome  

 Contrarily , local application of estrogen has been shown to block the ability of fluvoxamine to slow serotonin clearance , suggesting that the same pathways which are involved in SSRI efficacy may also be affected by components of local estrogen signaling pathways .
 local application of estrogen   has been shown  

 Some of the boats used were apparently the largest sail-powered wooden boats in human history ( National Geographic , May 2004 ) .
 the boats   used  

 Coen brothers were due to start production in 2002 , with Jeremy Thomas producing and Brad Pitt in the lead role , but it was canceled when the Coens felt that the budget offered was not enough to successfully produce the film .
 the budget   offered  

 Despite the opinions even of some who knew Joseph Conrad personally , such as fellow novelist Henry James , Conrad -- even when Joseph Conrad was only writing elegantly crafted letters to Joseph Conrad uncle and acquaintances -- was always at heart a writer who sailed , rather than a sailor who wrote .
 a writer   sailed  

 A series of changes that occurred as English itself changed , together with some simplifications and elision , resulted in the name Cheshire , as Cheshire occurs today .
 A series of changes   changed  

 The name on Wozniak 's birth certificate is `` Stephan Gary Wozniak '' , but Steve 's mother said that she intended it to be spelled `` Stephen '' , and `` Stephen '' is what Steve Wozniak uses .
 Steve Wozniak   uses  

 However , because of Carambola attractive star shape when cut in cross-section and yellow to golden color , Carambola began to grow in popularity .
 Carambola   to grow  

 When a function is called with fewer arguments than there are declared parameters , explicit arguments are matched to parameters in left-to-right order , with any unmatched parameters at the end of the parameter list being assigned their default arguments .
 any unmatched parameters at the end of the parameter list   being assigned  

 A subsequent text laments that shamans of older times were stronger , possessing capabilities like omnividence , fortune-telling even for decades in the future , moving as fast as a bullet ; the texts contrast them to the recent heartless , unknowing , greedy shamans .
 shamans of older times   moving as fast  

 However , to date no evidence of Nemesis has been found , and many lines of evidence ( such as crater counts ) , have thrown Oort cloud existence into doubt .
 to date no evidence of Nemesis   has been found  

 The Muslims , living in the region of Nyitra / Nitra , also faced similar limitations ; they disappeared ( perhaps converted to Christianity ) by the end of the 13th century .
 they   disappeared  

 Multiple translated versions of Stanisław Lem works exist .
 versions of Stanisław Lem works   exist  

 The remaining six are exegetically derived from the sentence `` And the Lord God commanded the man saying , of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat '' .
 the man   saying  

 Estimates vary by source though Xinhua , China 's official news agency , states that there are no less than 750,000 Chinese nationals working or living in Africa .
 Estimates   vary  

 The most successful type of structure prediction , known as homology modeling , relies on the existence of a `` template '' structure with sequence similarity to the protein being modeled ; structural genomics ' goal is to provide sufficient representation in solved structures to model most of those that remain .
 those   remain  

 There are numerous variations in rules , so a discussion of house rules generally occurs before play begins .
 play   begins  

 After Steve Ditko recovered and moved back to New York City in late 1955 , Ditko began drawing for Atlas Comics , the 1950s precursor of Marvel Comics , beginning with the four-page `` There 'll Be Some Changes Made '' in Journey into Mystery No. 33 ( April 1956 ) ; this debut tale would be reprinted in Marvel 's Curse of the Weird No. 4 ( March 1994 ) .
 Some Changes   Made  

 With more than 17 United States periodicals about beading alone , resources , accessibility , and a low initial cost of entry continues to expand production of hand-made adornments .
 resources , accessibility , and a low initial cost of entry   continues  

 Jarmusch was the only person Ray brought to work -- as Jim Jarmusch personal assistant -- on Lightning Over Water , a documentary about Jim Jarmusch dying years on which Jim Jarmusch was collaborating with Wim Wenders .
 Ray   to work  

 The historian John Mack Faragher cautions that the folk image of Boone as semi-literate is misleading , and argues that Daniel Boone `` acquired a level of literacy that was the equal of most men of Daniel Boone times '' .
 the folk image of Boone as semi-literate   is misleading  

 On October 3 , 2006 , Andromeda (TV series) released a complete series DVD box set known as Andromeda : The Slipstream Collection .
 a complete series DVD box   set  

 Alcaeus of Mytilene older brother , Antimenidas , appears to have served as a mercenary in the army of Nebuchadnezzar II and probably took part in the conquest of Judaea and the destruction of Jerusalem in 587 BC .
 Alcaeus of Mytilene older brother   appears  

 Olive oil is a salad dressing .
 a salad   dressing  

 `` What Dolby does , '' replied Cimino , `` is to give you the ability to create a density of detail of sound -- a richness so you can demolish the wall separating the viewer from the film .
 Dolby   does  

 Certain Internet chess sites seem to avoid a three-level K-factor staggering based on rating range .
 Certain Internet chess sites   seem  

 Eurostar has become the dominant operator in cross-channel intercity passenger travel on the routes that Eurostar operates , carrying more passengers than all airlines combined .
 all airlines   combined  

 Although few details of Archimedes life are known , Archimedes is regarded as one of the leading scientists in classical antiquity .
 few details of Archimedes life   are known  

 The amount of amplified product is determined by the available substrates in the reaction , which become limiting as the reaction progresses .
 the reaction   progresses  

 Before this happened , Louis expected William 's expedition to England to absorb Louis XIV of France energies and those of Louis XIV of France allies , so Louis XIV of France dispatched troops to the Rhineland after the expiry of Louis XIV of France ultimatum to the German princes requiring confirmation of the Truce of Ratisbon and acceptance of Louis XIV of France demands about the succession crises .
 this   happened  

 DuPont Manual High School Girls Lacrosse has won many state titles and tournament trophies since the year 2000 when the sport was developed .
 the sport   was developed  

 Benvento is connected to Naples through the modern SS7 Appia state road , and then local roads starting from Arienzo .
 Benvento   is connected  

 Deutschland-class ships continue to be called pocket battleships in some circles .
 Deutschland-class ships   continue  

 Steven Spielberg led to the creation of the PG-13 rating due to the high level of violence in films targeted at younger audiences .
 films   targeted  

 In the Exodus account , the birth of Moses occurred at a time when an unnamed Egyptian Pharaoh had commanded that all male Hebrew children born be killed by drowning in the river Nile .
 all male Hebrew children   born  

 In the scenario , `` Camera K '' refers to Gance 's main photographer , Jules Kruger , who wore the camera mounted to a breastplate strapped to his chest for these shots .
 Gance 's main photographer   mounted  

 Finally , the number of molecular orbitals that form must equal the number of atomic orbitals in the atoms being combined to form the molecule .
 the atoms   being combined  

 Nevertheless this gave hopes that large numbers of Tories would support a Jacobite rising with a serious prospect of winning , particularly when helped by foreign intervention .
 large numbers of Tories   rising  

 Competition between units even developed with units competing for the honour of greatest number of prisoners captured or most destruction wrought .
 the honour of greatest number of prisoners   captured  

 Ich bin ein guter Wachtmeister und dürfte leicht ein schlechter Rittmeister und sicherlich noch ein schlechtrer General werden .
 General   werden  

 Following the operation , hospital director Shlomo Mor-Yosef reported Sharon 's bleeding had stopped , Ariel Sharon brain was functioning without artificial support , and that Ariel Sharon was receiving medication to prevent further bleeding .
 Ariel Sharon brain   was functioning  

 Wycliffe wanted to see John Wycliffe ideas actualised -- John Wycliffe fundamental belief was that the Church should be poor , as in the days of the apostles .
 John Wycliffe ideas   actualised  

 At first , President Adams attempted to intervene with federal troops , but Troup called out the militia , and Adams , fearful of a civil war , conceded .
 Adams , fearful of a civil war   conceded  

 These scenes show the maenads in Maenad frenzy running in the forests , often tearing to pieces any animal Maenad happen to come across .
 any animal Maenad   to come across  

 The programming language for MUSH , usually referred to as `` MUSHcode '' or `` softcode '' ( to distinguish MUSH from `` hardcode '' -- the language in which the MUSH server MUSH is written ) was developed by Larry Foard .
 the MUSH server   is written  

 An inscription below , superimposed on an image of the flag of Andalusia reads Andalusia por sí , para España y la Humanidad ( `` Andalusia by herself , for Spain and Humanity '' ) .
 An inscription below   superimposed  

 Since three unmanned Apollo missions ( AS-201 , AS-202 , and AS-203 ) had previously occurred , Apollo 1 would be designated Apollo 4 , with all subsequent flights numbered sequentially in the order flown .
 the order   flown  

 An equivalent Morse Code signal is TTT , with each letter sent distinctly .
 each letter   sent distinctly  

 One of the most remarkable was the 1944 novella `` No Woman Born '' , which went on to be included in more than ten different science fiction anthologies including The Best of C. L. Moore .
 the 1944 novella   went on  

 In the episode `` Lisa the Skeptic '' , Lisa finds a skeleton that many people believe is an apocalyptic angel .
 many people   believe  

 Zhuoyun , however , is in league with Songlian 's personal maid , Yan ` er ( played by Kong Lin ) who finds and reveals a pair of bloodied undergarments , suggesting that Songlian had recently had her period , and discovers the pregnancy is a fraud .
 Songlian 's personal maid   finds  

 Beginning in 1998 , a joint working group known as the Austin Group began to develop the combined standard that would be known as the Single UNIX Specification Version 3 and as POSIX :2001 ( formally : IEEE Std 1003.1-2001 ) .
 a joint working group   known  

 In the novel Ruins of Isis , mention is made of a culture where a type of group marriage is performed-a group of 4 people minimum , two men , two women to start .
 two men , two women   to start  

 When no invasion came , the nation rejoiced .
 no invasion   came  

 While Hepburn was unafraid of the leopard , Grant was terrified ; most scenes of the two interacting are done in close-up with a stand-in .
 Grant   was terrified  

 Of the many books written in square capitals , the éditions de luxe of ancient times , only a few fragments have survived , the most famous being pages from manuscripts of Virgil .
 only a few fragments   have survived  

 As of late 2006 , History of Senegal seemed the peace treaty was holding , as both factions and the Senegalese military appeared to honor the treaty .
 both factions and the Senegalese military   appeared  

 The need to persuade Alfred the Great nobles to undertake work for the ` common good ' led Alfred and Alfred the Great court scholars to strengthen and deepen the conception of Christian kingship that Alfred the Great had inherited by building upon the legacy of earlier kings such as Offa as well as clerical writers such as Bede , Alcuin and the other luminaries of the Carolingian renaissance .
 Alfred and Alfred the Great court scholars   to strengthen  

 While Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky was on an extended visit to Moscow , she moved into an apartment directly above where Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky was staying .
 Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky   was staying  

 In 1954 , Prime Minister Nehru wrote a memo calling for India 's borders to be clearly defined and demarcated ; in line with previous Indian philosophy , Indian maps showed a border that , in some places , lay north of the McMahon Line .
 India 's borders   to be clearly defined  

 The other series posthumously created from Roddenberry 's notes is .
 The other series   posthumously created  

 A job step that contained a mix of small and large programs wasted memory while the small programs ran .
 the small programs   ran  

 It is thought that this is because the first cars imported were from England , but this is yet undocumented .
 the first cars   imported  

 By the end of 1997 , the allocation of new Dutch development funds was frozen as Surinamese Government relations with the Netherlands deteriorated .
 Surinamese Government relations with the Netherlands   deteriorated  

 The criminal law amendments abolished the crime of `` counter-revolutionary '' activity ( and references to `` counter-revolutionaries '' disappeared with the passing of the 1999 Constitutional amendment ) , while criminal procedures reforms encouraged establishment of a more transparent , adversarial trial process .
 The criminal law amendments   abolished  

 The following terms used in engineering secure systems are explained below .
 The following terms used in engineering secure systems   are explained below  

 The information gathered by the eye is processed in the brain to give a percept that differs from the object being imaged .
 a percept   differs  

 In September 1943 , Peter Sellers joined the Royal Air Force , although it is unclear whether Peter Sellers volunteered or was conscripted ; Peter Sellers mother unsuccessfully tried to have Peter Sellers deferred on medical grounds .
 was conscripted   Peter Sellers  

 This bet ( or raise ) is intended to increase the size of the pot , by inducing opponents to call .
 opponents   to call  

 Some of the highest mean annual temperatures in the world have been recorded in Somalia ; Berbera on the northwestern coast has an afternoon high that averages more than 38 ° C ( 100 ° F ) from June through September .
 the highest   mean  

 A typical XPS spectrum is a plot of the number of electrons detected ( sometimes per unit time ) ( Y-axis , ordinate ) versus the binding energy of the electrons detected ( X-axis , abscissa ) .
 the electrons   detected  

 Some proponents of spelling reform view homophones as undesirable and would prefer that English orthography were eliminated .
 English orthography   were eliminated  

 The Philadelphia Press drama critic said , `` Without having John Wilkes Booth brother Edwin 's culture and grace , Mr. Booth has far more action , more life , and , we are inclined to think , more natural genius '' .
 we   to think  

 As the speed of sound in water is around 1,500 metres per second , the time interval , measured in milliseconds , between the pulse being transmitted and the echo being received , allows bottom depth and targets to be measured .
 bottom depth and targets   to be measured  

 In mid-1658 Samuel Pepys moved to Axe Yard , near where the modern Downing Street is located .
 the modern Downing Street   is located  

 The Peter Principle is a special case of an ubiquitous observation : Anything that works will be used in progressively more challenging applications until Peter Principle fails .
 Anything   works  

 There are several materials that are referred to as clay.Plasticity , the malleability of the body ; the extent to which Pottery will absorb water after firing ; and shrinkage , the extent of reduction in size of a body as water is removed .
 water   is removed  

 Terran buildings , however , require the worker unit to continue construction on the building until StarCraft is completed .
 StarCraft   is completed  

 The expected time for the neutral allele to be lost through genetic drift can be calculated as When a mutation appears only once in a population large enough for the initial frequency to be negligible , the formulas can be simplified to for average number of generations expected before fixation of a neutral mutation , and for the average number of generations expected before the loss of a neutral mutation .
 the formulas   can be simplified  

 In the end , Lex Luthor becomes a permanent prisoner in his own body , unable to even blink , and swearing vengeance on Superman .
 Lex Luthor   to even blink  

 Being now master of the empire , Alexander Balas is said to have abandoned Alexander Balas to a life of debauchery .
 Alexander Balas   is said  

 33:4 -5 ) According to Skarsaune , the harmonized gospel narratives of Matthew and Luke were part of a tradition already circulating within Justin 's school that expounded on the life and work of Jesus as the Messiah and the apostolic mission .
 Justin 's school   expounded  

 Thus , Poznań urban area has been growing steadily over past years and has already reached 1.0 million inhabitants when student population is included , whereas the entire metropolitan zone may have reached 1.5-1 .7 million inhabitants when satellite cities and towns ( so-called second Poznań ring counties such as Wrzesnia , Gniezno and Koscian ) are included .
 student population   is included  

 The Transitional National Government ( TNG ) was established in 2000 followed by the formation of Somalia successor the Transitional Federal Government ( TFG ) in 2004 , which reestablished national institutions such as the Military of Somalia .
 2000   followed  

 On the contrary , quiescent prominences are large , cool dense structures which are observed as dark , `` snake-like '' Hα ribbons ( filaments ) on the solar disc .
 large , cool dense structures   are observed  

 Although this strategy has been criticized for encouraging overwhelming force over strategy and tactics , defenders of the strategy argue that Real-time strategy 're simply taking advantage of the strategies utilized , and some argue that Real-time strategy is a realistic representation of warfare .
 the strategies   utilized  

 All the barbarians felt fear because Paean had been deprived of what Paean expected .
 Paean   expected  

 The local Seychellois Creole ( Kreol ) , a creole language derived from French and African tongues , is the native language of 91.8 % of the people ; but English and French are also commonly used .
 English and French   commonly used  

 Nationalism , during times of conflict between one nation and another , is controversial since Prejudice may function as a buffer for criticism when Prejudice comes to the nation 's own problems since Prejudice makes the nation 's own hierarchies and internal conflicts appear to be natural .
 the nation 's own hierarchies and internal conflicts   appear  

 Amongst the bubble companies investigated were two supported by Lords Onslow and Chetwynd respectively , for insuring shipping .
 the bubble companies   investigated  

 The 1920s saw increased production of LP gas , with the first year of recorded production totaling in 1922 .
 recorded production   totaling  

 In Ohio , owning a Quaker is legal as long as the bird 's wings are clipped so that Monk Parakeet can not fly .
 the bird 's wings   are clipped  

 As the project began to wind down , and CIA pilot classes finished their training , Watertown became a virtual ghost town .
 the project   began  

 However , it is customary for synagogues to conduct a siyum ( ceremony marking the completion of a section of Torah learning ) right after morning prayers , and the celebratory meal that follows cancels the firstborn 's obligation to fast .
 the celebratory meal   follows  

 Although Illich-Svitych adopted many of Trombetti 's etymologies , he sought to validate them by a systematic comparison of the sound systems of the languages concerned .
 the languages   concerned  

 One remarkable commentary of Herodotus on Pan (god) is that he lived 800 years before himself ( c. 1200 BCE ) , this being already after the Trojan War .
 he   lived  

 When the tRNA has an amino acid linked to Protein biosynthesis , it is termed `` charged '' .
 an amino acid   linked  

 As tribal populations grew , fertility was no longer a valid justification of polygamy : Polygamy was lawful among the ancient fathers : whether Polygamy be lawful now also , I would not hastily pronounce ( utrum et nunc fas sit , non temere dixerim ) .
 et nunc fas   sit  

 Although acknowledging that the novel works , Mallon blasts Lee 's `` wildly unstable '' narrative voice for developing a story about a content neighborhood until it begins to impart morals in the courtroom drama , following with his observation that `` the book has begun to cherish To Kill a Mockingbird own goodness '' by the time the case is over .
 it   begins  

 The initial evaluation of non-small-cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) staging uses the TNM classification .
 non-small-cell lung cancer   staging  

 Despite earlier instructions that in case of an emergency , Ariel Sharon was to be rushed to Soroka Medical Center , the ambulance instead headed for Hadassah Ein Kerem Hospital , almost an hour 's drive away .
 the ambulance   instead headed  

 She also was said to have become the mother of Macaria ( who saved the Athenians from defeat by Eurystheus ) .
 She   was said  

 In law , corroboration refers to the requirement in some jurisdictions , such as in Scotland , that any evidence adduced be backed up by at least one other source ( see Corroborating evidence in Scots law ) .
 any evidence   adduced  

 The highest point in Sweden is Kebnekaise , which stands at .
 Kebnekaise   stands  

 Sadly for the CIA , the part of the submarine containing the code books broke off while Manganese was being raised , so they did not get what they wanted .
 they   wanted  

 Legal proceedings ensued , with Abraham Lincoln defending the railroad .
 Legal proceedings   ensued  

 These are not laws since Laws of science have not been verified to the same degree and may not be sufficiently general , although Laws of science may lead to the formulation of laws .
 Laws of science   have not been verified  

 According to the New York Times and Dan Quayle memoirs , Dan Quayle was relying on cards provided by the school , which Quayle claims included the misspelling .
 Quayle   claims  

 A mRNA molecule is said to be monocistronic when Messenger RNA contains the genetic information to translate only a single protein chain ( polypeptide ) .
 A mRNA molecule   is said  

 One of the first acts of Pope Innocent VI pontificate was to declare the pact to have been illegal and null .
 the first acts of Pope Innocent VI   pontificate  

 While most cell biologists consider the term organelle to be synonymous with `` cell compartment '' , other cell biologists choose to limit the term organelle to include only those that are DNA-containing , having originated from formerly autonomous microscopic organisms acquired via endosymbiosis .
 formerly autonomous microscopic organisms   acquired  

 David Wants to Fly , released in May 2010 , is a documentary by German filmmaker David Sieveking `` that follows the path of David Lynch professional idol , David Lynch , into the world of Transcendental Meditation ( TM ) '' .
 David Wants   to Fly  

 Upon completion of this experiment , Loewi asserted that sympathetic regulation of cardiac function can be mediated through changes in chemical concentrations .
 sympathetic regulation of cardiac function   can be mediated  

 The `` Superlight '' weighs in at convert 2200 lb , making Mazda MX-5 100 lb lighter than the original NA series MX-5 .
 The `` Superlight   weighs in  

 Excepting a few contested reports of much older forms from USA and India , the first complex multicellular life forms seem to have appeared roughly 600 Ma .
 the first complex multicellular life forms   seem  

 The Great Gatsby , the most recent Hollywood production shot in Sydney , is expected to earn the New South Wales economy $ 120 million , with the shoot estimated to last seventeen weeks and another thirty weeks to be spent on post-production .
 The Great Gatsby   is expected  

 The Turks , who comprise nearly 4 % of the population , are mostly scattered , though they form a majority in two municipalities ( Plasnica and Centar Župa ) .
 The Turks   are mostly scattered  

 Engelbert Dollfuss was concerned that with German National Socialist leader Adolf Hitler becoming Chancellor of Germany in 1933 , the Austrian National Socialists ( DNSAP ) could gain a significant minority in future elections ( according to fascism scholar Stanley G. Payne , should elections have been held in 1933 , the DNSAP could have mustered about 25 % of the votes - contemporary TIME analysts suggests a higher support of 50 % , with a 75 % approval rate in the Tyrol region bordering Nazi Germany ) .
 the DNSAP   could have mustered  

 About eight blacks and five whites died in the riots , and hundreds more were injured .
 hundreds more   were injured  

 The book is presented as a thesis that combines with Velikovsky 's series Ages in Chaos , concluding through his revision of Egyptian history that the Greeks who wrote the tragedy of Oedipus may have penned it in likeness of the life and story of Akhnaton , because in the revision Akhnaton would have lived much closer to the time when the legend first surfaced in Greece , providing an historical basis for the story .
 Akhnaton   would have lived much closer  

 As a result , for most Mushroom , if the cap is cut off and placed gill-side-down overnight , a powdery impression reflecting the shape of the gills ( or pores , or spines , etc. ) is formed ( when the fruit body is sporulating ) .
 the cap   is cut off  

 Most composers do n't specify how instruments are to be tuned , although historically most have assumed one tuning system which was common in their time ; in the 20th century most composers assumed equal temperament would be used .
 equal temperament   would be used  

 Both sexes possess a cloaca , which is connected to a urogenital sac used to store waste before expulsion .
 a cloaca   is connected  

 The first operating system that took advantage of the Model B 's capabilities was TOPS-20 release 3 , and user mode extended addressing was offered in TOPS-20 release 4 .
 user mode   addressing  

 Del Boy happens to be the owner of Harrison 's Lesser Watch which was lost for centuries , which eventually fetches them # 6.2 million at auction at Sotheby 's .
 Del Boy   happens  

 Properties of surface chemicals can be investigated by measuring pressure/area isotherms , as the two-dimensional analog of Boyle 's law , , at constant temperature .
 Properties of surface chemicals   can be investigated  

 Seymour Papert underwent emergency brain surgery at the French Hospital of Hanoi on Wednesday December 6 to remove the blood clot that had formed .
 the blood clot   had formed  

 Pokémon already owned by other Trainers can not be captured , except under special circumstances in certain games .
 Pokémon   can not be captured  

 In 2004 James Lovelock caused a media sensation when James Lovelock broke with many fellow environmentalists by pronouncing that `` only nuclear power can now halt global warming '' .
 James Lovelock   broke  

 When Mascitti was questioned informally in 1992 about the naming , he indicated that C++ was given in a tongue-in-cheek spirit .
 C++   was given  

 Once this line was established , work crews would move forward creating another line at 250 meters .
 this line   was established  

 When Pissarro returned to Camille Pissarro home in France after the war , Camille Pissarro discovered that of the 1,500 paintings Camille Pissarro had done over 20 years , which Camille Pissarro was forced to leave behind when Camille Pissarro moved to London , only 40 remained .
 only 40   remained  

 Another aspect of the game to have been praised is Super Mario Kart gameplay , which Thunderbolt has described as the `` deepest and most addictive ... to be found on the SNES console '' .
 the game   to have been praised  

 Many naturists take the line that as taxpayers , Naturism have a right to use a portion of public lands the same as many other recreational groups do , from hikers to rockhounds .
 many other recreational groups   do  

 `` The increase in the money supply rate of growth coupled with the slowdown in the rate of growth of goods produced is what the increase in the rate of price inflation is all about .
 goods   produced  

 In falling , energy is released in the form of a photon , the energy of which is equal to the energy difference of the two orbitals involved .
 the two orbitals   involved  

 An `` unsustainable situation '' occurs when natural capital ( the sum total of nature 's resources ) is used up faster than Sustainable development can be replenished .
 natural capital   is used up faster  

 The titular mockingbird is a key motif of this theme , which first appears when Atticus , having given his children air-rifles for Christmas , allows their Uncle Jack to teach them to shoot .
 them   to shoot  

 The age at which a person can be legally married can differ from Age of consent .
 The age at which a person can be legally married   can differ  

 Before On the Road was accepted by Viking Press , Kerouac got a job as a `` railroad brakesman and fire lookout '' traveling between the East and West coasts of America to collect money , so Jack Kerouac could live with Jack Kerouac mother .
 Jack Kerouac   could live  

 Lamar Hunt felt that despite winning the league championship in 1962 , the Texans could not succeed financially competing in the same market as the Dallas Cowboys , which entered the NFL as an expansion franchise in 1960 .
 the Texans   could not succeed financially  

 The first film version of Uncle Tom 's Cabin was one of the earliest full-length movies ( although full-length at that time meant between 10 and 14 minutes ) .
 full-length at that time   meant  

 Although officially declassified , the original film taken by U.S. Corona spy satellite in the 1960s has been altered prior to declassification ; in answer to freedom of information queries , the government responds that these exposures ( which map to Groom and the entire NAFR ) appear to have been destroyed .
 these exposures   to have been destroyed  

 Some of these attacks are presumed to be due to chimpanzees being intoxicated ( from alcohol obtained from rural brewing operations ) and mistaking human children for the Western red colobus , one of their favorite meals .
 Some of these attacks   are presumed  

 The Egyptian siege of Megiddo in the 15th century BC lasted for 7 months before Siege inhabitants surrendered .
 Siege inhabitants   surrendered  

 And you shall call Justin Martyr name Jesus , because Justin Martyr will save Justin Martyr people from their sins ( Mt 1:21 ) , ' as those who have made memoirs of all things about our savior Jesus Christ taught ... ( 1 Apol .
 as those   taught  

 Not long after Benevento had been sacked by Totila and Benevento walls razed ( 545 ) , Benevento became the seat of a powerful Lombard duchy .
 Totila and Benevento walls   razed  

 Every element of the degree n extension of F is a root of some irreducible polynomial whose degree d divides n ; by counting these roots in two different ways one establishes that where the sum is over all divisors d of n.
 some irreducible polynomial   divides n  

 The genus contains a number of species , however , Nicotiana tabacum is the most commonly grown .
 a number of species   most commonly grown  

 By the end of the 1960s , as attitudes toward women 's role in American society changed , Lois Lane changed as well .
 attitudes toward women 's role in American society   changed  

 Julius Caesar was the first historical Roman to be officially deified .
 the first historical Roman   to be officially deified  

 Rather , Justice is derived from the more basic standard of rightness , consequentialism : what is right is what has the best consequences ( usually measured by the total or average welfare caused ) .
 the best consequences ( usually measured by the total or average welfare   caused  

 Platonic realism strongly satisfies one of those constraints , in that Platonic realism is a theory of what general terms refer to .
 general terms   refer  

 The Romans went on to call the island Melita , which is the latinisation of the Greek Μελίτη .
 The Romans   went on  

 As time went on and popularity grew , small restaurants , called Hoagie shops and Sub shops , that specialized in Submarine sandwich began to open .
 small restaurants , called Hoagie shops and Sub shops , that specialized in Submarine sandwich   to open  

 Unlike most consumer goods , the prices of which are listed before tax , in the United States , gasoline prices are posted with taxes included .
 taxes   included  

 The distinctively square English pencils continued to be made with sticks cut from natural graphite into the 1860s .
 The distinctively square English pencils   continued  

 The press summaries Joachim von Ribbentrop provided were particularly important , as Ribbentrop had managed to convince Hitler that the British government secretly controlled the British press , and just as in Germany , nothing appeared in the British press that the British government did not want to appear .
 Joachim von Ribbentrop   provided  

 With expanded irrigation development came expanded settlement has several new towns were established .
 expanded irrigation development   came  

 Saint Kitts ( also known more formally as Saint Kitts ( Saint-Christophe in French ) ) is an island in the West Indies .
 Saint Kitts   also known more formally  

 When the Greek War of Independence broke out , Hydra (island) contribution of some 150 ships , plus supplies , to fight against the Turks played a critical role .
 the Greek War of Independence   broke out  

 Whereas , if some form of argumentation were given , Cārvāka would result in absurdity , because inference was being used to disprove Cārvāka own efficacy as evidence .
 some form of argumentation   were given  

 A common idea is that a concrete means of computing the values of the function must be known before the function Mathematical logic can be said to exist .
 Mathematical logic   can be said  

 Didymus Chalcenterus is known to have written on Greek lyric poets , notably Bacchylides and Pindar , and on drama ; the better part of the Pindar and Sophocles scholia originated with Didymus .
 Didymus Chalcenterus   is known  

 In 1862 , Lipman sold his patent to Joseph Reckendorfer for $ 100,000 , who went on to sue pencil manufacturer Faber-Castell for infringement .
 Lipman   went on  

 The starboard nose wheel carries a single disc brake to halt wheel rotation whilst the undercarriage is being retracted .
 the undercarriage   is being retracted  

 Paleontology works by the logic that , if groups B and C have more similarities to each other than either has to group A , then B and C are more closely related to each other than either is to A. Characters that are compared may be anatomical , such as the presence of a notochord , or molecular , by comparing sequences of DNA or proteins .
 A. Characters   are compared  

 A Hand and a half sword , colloquially known as a `` bastard sword '' , was a sword with an extended grip that could be used with either one or two hands .
 an extended grip   could be used  

 Along with Stephen Longstreet and Elise Cavanna , the artists whose paintings were presented were known collectively as Functionists West .
 the artists   were presented  

 Partly by the broad flat tops of the larger letters , partly by the insertion of a stroke connecting those ( like H , Υ ) which are not naturally adapted to linking , the scribes produced the effect of a horizontal line along the top of Palaeography , from which the letters seem to hang .
 the letters   seem  

 While urban schools provide more options to move away from schools that are failing , rural families do not have the options available to provide an ` escape ' from bad schools , making the use of School choice as competition for schools to create innovative programs , unproductive in rural areas .
 schools   are failing  

 ( Exodus 4:21 , NIV ) `` What if God , choosing to show his wrath and make his power known , bore with great patience the objects of his wrath -- prepared for destruction ?
 his power   known  

 The defence of the perimeter held throughout 29 -- 30 May , with the British falling back by degrees .
 British   falling back  

 Beryl Campbell , one of Theremin 's dancers , said Léon Theremin wife Lavinia `` called to say that Léon Theremin had been kidnapped from Léon Theremin studio '' and that `` some Russians had come in '' and that she felt that Léon Theremin was going to be spirited out of the country .
 some Russians   had come  

 Meanwhile , in the garden , Fredrik and Carl-Magnus reflect on how difficult A Little Night Music is to be annoyed with Desiree , agreeing `` A Little Night Music Would Have Been Wonderful '' had she not been quite so wonderful .
 A Little Night Music   is  

 pHF = − log H+F pHT = − log ( H+F + HSO4 − ) = − log H+T pHSWS = − log ( H+F + HSO4 − + HF ) = − log H+SWS In practical terms , the three seawater pH scales differ in their values by up to 0.12 pH units , differences that are much larger than the accuracy of pH measurements typically required , in particular , in relation to the ocean 's carbonate system .
 H+T pHSWS = − log   H+SWS  

 Another approach used is to send disproportionately more traffic from higher priority queues .
 Another approach   used  

 The astronauts ' widows asked Apollo 1 be reserved for the flight their husbands never made , and on April 24 , 1967 , Associate Administrator for Manned Space Flight , Dr. George E. Mueller , announced this change officially : AS-204 would be recorded as Apollo 1 , `` first manned Apollo Saturn flight -- failed on ground test '' .
 their husbands   never made  

 16-bit designs had only been on the market briefly when 32-bit implementations started to appear .
 32-bit implementations   to appear  

 In color systems that use chroma subsampling , the multi-component concept of Pixel can become difficult to apply , since the intensity measures for the different color components correspond to different spatial areas in such a representation .
 the multi-component concept of Pixel   to apply  

 The materials commonly used in HAR silicon micromachining are thick polycrystalline silicon , known as epi-poly , and bonded silicon-on-insulator ( SOI ) wafers although processes for bulk silicon wafer also have been created ( SCREAM ) .
 processes for bulk silicon wafer   also have been created  

 For example , one scene shows an English Literature class listening to records while students in the back row are sleeping .
 students in the back row   are sleeping  

 The history of Potsdamer Platz can probably be traced back to 29 October 1685 , when the Tolerance Edict of Potsdam was signed , whereby Frederick William , Elector of Brandenburg-Prussia from 1640 to 1688 , allowed large numbers of religious refugees , including Jews from Austria and Huguenots expelled from France , to settle on his territory .
 the Tolerance Edict of Potsdam   was signed  

 Hence the probably most important function of the federal states is their representation in the Federal Council ( Bundesrat ) , where their approval on many crucial federal policy fields , including the tax system , is required for laws to become enacted .
 laws   enacted  

 Moses portrayal of Moses is said to be similar to the writing of Hecataeus who `` described Moses as a man who excelled in wisdom and courage '' .
 Moses portrayal of Moses   is said  

 Director and co-writer Michael Cimino , writer Deric Washburn , producers Barry Spikings and Michael Deeley all have different versions of how the film came to be .
 the film   to be  

 At midnight Saturday September 16 , 2012 , the league locked out National Hockey League players as the previous labour pact expired .
 the previous labour pact   expired  

 Elder Monroe , a black minister , was to act as president until another was chosen .
 another   was chosen  

 Jewellers created works both for human use and for adorning statues and idols .
 Jewellers   created  

 At the time on-die cache was difficult to manufacture ; especially L2 as more of Celeron is needed to attain an adequate level of performance .
 especially L2 as more of Celeron   is needed  

 Offa is not known to have issued a law code , leading historian Patrick Wormald to speculate that Alfred the Great had in mind the legatine capitulary of 786 that was presented to Offa by two papal legates .
 historian Patrick Wormald   to speculate  

 Once an entry date had been confirmed , the Port Adelaide Football Club set about forming a side fit for competition in the AFL .
 an entry date   had been confirmed  

 This essay has been likened to John Colet 's Convocation Sermon , though the styles differ .
 the styles   differ  

 A follow-up article co-authored by Hillmer in 2011 broadened the survey to include survey responses of over 100 historians ; in this survey , Thompson was ranked 14th out the 22 who had by then served as PM .
 the 22   had  

 Besides , when existence of any object , be Cārvāka the authority of inference , was denied on the ground of Cārvāka not being perceived , inference was Cārvāka admitted in proposing such an argument , with middle term being the non-perception .
 the ground of Cārvāka   not being perceived  

 Ejiofor and Hiddleston both received nominations for Laurence Olivier Awards , with Ejiofor winning but Hiddleston being beaten by himself , also nominated in the same category for a different play .
 Ejiofor   winning  

 These four objects ( later named the Galilean moons in honor of their discoverer ) were the first celestial bodies observed to orbit something other than the Earth or Sun .
 the first celestial bodies   observed  

 Ordinarily , subduction earthquakes under magnitude 7.5 on the Richter scale do not cause tsunamis , although some instances of this have been recorded .
 some instances of this   have been recorded  

 For instance , the above-mentioned interval F -- B is the only tritone which can be formed using the notes of the C-major scale .
 the only tritone   can be formed  

 Genetic sex-determination usually depends on asymmetrically inherited sex chromosomes which carry genetic features that influence development ; sex may be determined either by the presence of a sex chromosome or by how many the organism has .
 the organism   has  

 The house in which Whistler was born is now preserved as the Whistler House Museum of Art .
 The house   was born  

 Among the many marine families represented are Pufferfish , Fusiliers , Jackfish , Lionfish , Oriental Sweetlips , reef sharks , Groupers , Eels , Snappers , Bannerfish , Batfish , Humphead Wrasse , Spotted Eagle Rays , Scorpionfish , Lobsters , Nudibranches , Angelfish , Butterflyfish , Squirrelfish , Soldierfish , Glassfish , Surgeonfish , Unicornfish , Triggerfish , Napoleon wrasses , and Barracudas .
 the many marine families   represented  

 Measurements made by viewing the position of some marker relative to something to be measured are subject to Parallax if the marker is some distance away from the object of measurement and not viewed from the correct position .
 something   to be measured  

 The Roman Catholic Church , the Old Catholic Churches ( in full communion with , but not members of , the Anglican Communion ) , and the Eastern Orthodox churches are recognized , and also their bishops , by Anglicans .
 the Eastern Orthodox churches   are recognized  

 Stabilization occurs when the two bodies move in such a synchronised fashion that Orbital resonance never closely approach .
 the two bodies   move  

 As the harbour became silted up , Miletus was abandoned .
 the harbour   became silted up  

 The last episode of The Living Planet , for example , focuses almost entirely on humans ' destruction of the environment and ways that it could be stopped or reversed .
 it   reversed  

 Common chimpanzee have been known to attack humans on occasion .
 Common chimpanzee   have been known  

 The Korybantes , also known as the Curetes , whom the scholiast on Callimachus calls her brothers , also watched over the child ; Adrasteia kept Cronus from hearing him cry by beating their swords on their shields , drowning out the sound .
 The Korybantes   watched  

 Locke is famously attributed with holding the proposition that the human mind is a tabula rasa , a `` blank tablet , '' in Locke 's words `` white paper , '' on which the experiences derived from sense impressions as a person 's life proceeds are written .
 a person 's life proceeds   are written  

 Any prospect of profit from trade , for which the company had purchased ships and had been planning South Sea Company next ventures , disappeared .
 Any prospect of profit from trade , for which the company had purchased ships and had been planning South Sea Company next ventures   disappeared  

 As the modern English-medium school system expands , the traditional system is gradually being upgraded .
 the modern English-medium school system   expands  

 Yongle Emperor was said to be an `` ardent Buddhist '' by Ernst Faber .
 Yongle Emperor   was said  

 Sometime later , after his connection with the Collector was exposed , Lex Luthor was fired as a consultant to the U.S. military by General Lane himself .
 his connection with the Collector   was exposed  

 Both climatology and particularly aerosol science , a subfield of atmospheric science , were largely created to answer the question of how far and wide fallout would travel .
 wide fallout   would travel  

 If an upregulated gene is observed by an abundance of mRNA on the northern blot the sample can then be sequenced to determine if the gene is known to researchers or if Northern blot is a novel finding .
 a novel   finding  

 In contrast to Ophelia is Dinah , who operates on passion .
 Dinah   operates  

 In analysis , the vector spaces considered are often function spaces .
 the vector spaces   considered  

 Since then groups that are not affiliated to the Santo Daime have used ayahuasca , and a number of different ` styles ' have been developed , such as the non-religious approach developed by Daniel Waterman in 2001 , popularly termed Ayahuasca Open Style ( AOS ) .
 a number of different ` styles   have been developed  

 The use of sound to ` echo locate ' underwater in the same way as bats use sound for aerial navigation seems to have been prompted by the Titanic disaster of 1912 .
 The use of sound to ` echo locate ' underwater in the same way   seems  

 Drew Barrymore would go on to pose nude at age 19 for the January 1995 issue of Playboy .
 Drew Barrymore   would go on  

 The minimal ideal of a commutative semigroup , when Semigroup exists , is a group .
 Semigroup   exists  

 The Analog technique is a complex way of making a forecast , requiring the forecaster to remember a previous weather event which is expected to be mimicked by an upcoming event .
 a previous weather event   is expected  

 Once Belgium had claimed Scheldt independence from the Netherlands in 1830 the treaty of the Scheldt determined that the river should remain accessible to ships headed for Belgian ports .
 ships   headed  

 The introduction to the whole work , treating of the value of philosophy and of philosophical sects , is lost , with the exception of the concluding portion ; the second book is little more than a fragment , and the third and fourth have been amalgamated by altering the original sections .
 The introduction to the whole work   is lost  

 The result of these efforts was mixed : the ratings for the 2006 Winter Games , held in Torino , Italy , were significantly lower than those for the 2002 Games , while there was a sharp increase in viewership for the 2008 Summer Olympic Games , staged in Beijing .
 The result of these efforts   was mixed  

 In the West , this period saw the reinvention of granulation by the German Elizabeth Treskow , although development of the re-invention has continued into the 1990s .
 development of the re-invention   has continued  

 Around the same time , in 1971 , that Beijing succeeded in gaining China 's seat in the UN ( thus ousting the Republic of China on Taiwan ) , relations with the United States began to thaw .
 relations with the United States   began  

 When Nekron is defeated , Larfleeze takes the ring from Lex Luthor , leaving him powerless , and allows Lex Luthor to remain on Earth with the Green Lanterns ( although Sinestro notes that this is the first time Larfleeze has given anyone anything ) .
 Nekron   is defeated  

 The high altitude of the Castilian-Leonese Meseta and mountain ranges contributes not only to the contrast of summer and winter temperatures , but also to a marked contrast of day and night temperatures .
 mountain   ranges  

 Many ATC training systems currently require a person to act as a `` pseudo-pilot '' , engaging in a voice dialog with the trainee controller , which simulates the dialog that the controller would have to conduct with pilots in a real ATC situation .
 the controller   to conduct  

 Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky Rococo pastiches also may have offered escape into a musical world purer than Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky own , into which Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky felt Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky irresistibly drawn .
 Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky   irresistibly drawn  

 Stellar parallax created by the relative motion between the Earth and a star , can be seen , in the Copernican model , as arising from the orbit of the Earth around the Sun : the star only appears to move relative to more distant objects in the sky .
 Stellar parallax   can be seen  

 The King had Surrey imprisoned - with Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey father - sentenced to death on 13 January 1547 , and beheaded for treason on 19 January 1547 ( Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey father survived impending execution only by it being set for the day after the king happened to die , though Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey remained imprisoned ) .
 the king   happened  

 Both died slowly , and earliest as a vehicle of literary expression , while much longer retaining significance for learned discourse with Sanskrit universalist claims .
 Both   died slowly  

 At the Ruskin trial ( see below ) , Whistler claimed the more exotic St. Petersburg , Russia as James Abbott McNeill Whistler birthplace : `` James Abbott McNeill Whistler shall be born when and where James Abbott McNeill Whistler want , and James Abbott McNeill Whistler do not choose to be born in Lowell '' , James Abbott McNeill Whistler declared .
 want   James Abbott McNeill Whistler  

 Thus each shell of a given thickness will produce the same net amount of light regardless of how far away Olbers' paradox is .
 Olbers' paradox   is  

 The Raven was recalled by someone who experienced The Raven , `` He would turn down the lamps till the room was almost dark , then standing in the center of the apartment he would recite ... in the most melodious of voices ... So marvelous was his power as a reader that the auditors would be afraid to draw breath lest the enchanted spell be broken '' .
 he   would recite  

 Super Mario Kart did not start out as Super Mario Kart featured a generic man in overalls in the kart ; the team decided that characters three heads tall would best suit the design of the karts .
 Super Mario Kart   did not start out  

 Another notable performance came during Super Bowl XXXVI in 2002 , when U2 performed ; during their second song , `` Where the Streets Have No Name '' , the band played under a large projection screen which scrolled through names of the victims of the September 11 attacks .
 a large projection screen   scrolled  

 Tempers flared between Bragg and Wilco after the album was completed .
 the album   was completed  

 On a brighter note for the British , Beaufort torpedo bombers of No. 42 Squadron RAF , attached to No. 47 Squadron , sank the tanker Proserpina at Tobruk , removing the last hope for refuelling Rommel 's army .
 Beaufort torpedo bombers of No. 42 Squadron RAF   attached  

 As the university celebrated Jadavpur University Golden Jubilee on December 24 , 2005 , a special emblem ( see above ) was created to commemorate the occasion , and the motto ` To Know Is To Grow ' was coined .
 the motto   was coined  

 In a speech to the Knesset , Deputy Premier and Foreign Minister Yigal Allon outlined the government 's view that : ` No one can expect us to recognize the terrorist organization called the PLO as representing Palestinian people -- because it does not .
 it   does not  

 In modern terms : the use of two guns at once , one in each hand , is most associated with the American Old West , where revolvers holding only six rounds of ammunition were the highest capacity handguns readily available and reloading was a slow process .
 revolvers holding only six rounds of ammunition   reloading  

 The decision came too late for Netscape however , as Internet Explorer had by then become the dominant web browser in Windows .
 Internet Explorer   had  

 Downtown Hilo was severely damaged by both tsunami , with many lives lost .
 many lives   lost  

 `` Maximin '' is a term commonly used for non-zero-sum games to describe the strategy which maximizes one 's own minimum payoff .
 a term   commonly used  

 Cuprate superconductors can have much higher critical temperatures : YBa2Cu3O7 , one of the first cuprate superconductors to be discovered , has a critical temperature of 92 K , and mercury-based cuprates have been found with critical temperatures in excess of 130 K .
 the first cuprate superconductors   to be discovered  

 Historical factors and socio-political conditions , however , have determined the extent to which universal social literacy has come to pass '' In 1871 only about half of French Canadian men in Canada self-reported that they were Literacy , whereas 90 percent of other Canadian men said they could read and write ( Greer , cited in Green , MacKinnon & Minns , 2005 ) , but information from the Canadian Families Project sample of the 1901 Census of Canada indicated that literacy rates for French Canadians and other Canadians increased , as measured by the ability of men between the ages of 16 and 65 to answer literacy questions .
 universal social literacy   has come  

 Achievement of edges is recorded on a student development transcript that is issued alongside a student 's academic transcript .
 Achievement of edges   is recorded  

 The shaping of SC blade sections however , make Propeller inefficient at low speeds , when the suction side of the blade is wetted .
 the suction side of the blade   is wetted  

 Even those choices where some randomness was part of the natural system ( such as when to throw a surprise pitch-out to try to trick a runner trying to steal a base ) were decided based on probabilities supplied by Weaver or La Russa .
 Even those choices where some randomness was part of the natural system ( such as when to throw a surprise pitch-out to try to trick a runner trying to steal a base )   were decided  

 Men were not allowed to have hair below the collar ; when men whose hair was too long , arrived in the country from overseas , they were given a hair cut before they could leave the airport .
 Men   were not allowed  

 Roland Barthes comments that `` Julia Kristeva changes the place of things : Julia Kristeva always destroys the last prejudice , the one you thought you could be reassured by , could be take pride in ; what Julia Kristeva displaces is the already-said , the déja-dit , i.e. , the instance of the signified , i.e. , stupidity ; what Julia Kristeva subverts is authority - the authority of monologic science , of filiation '' .
 Julia Kristeva   subverts  

 Coulter summarizes , `` The American Revolution had Confederate States of America Washington ; the Southern Revolution had its Davis ... one succeeded and the other failed '' .
 one   succeeded  

 `` As Otto Rank talked , Otto Rank thought of Otto Rank difficulties with writing , Otto Rank struggles to articulate feelings not easily expressed .
 feelings   not easily expressed  

 Because of William the Silent young age , the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V served as the regent of the principality until William was fit to rule .
 William   was fit  

 When Marx Brothers returned , Groucho , angered by the interruption , made snide comments about them , including `` Nacogdoches is full of roaches '' and `` The jackass is the flower of Tex-ass '' .
 Marx Brothers   returned  

 In 1976 Midwest League contracted from ten teams to eight when teams in Danville and Dubuque were eliminated .
 teams in Danville and Dubuque   were eliminated  

 Most individuals will be offered clear liquids the day after the surgery , then progress to a regular diet when the intestines start to function properly .
 the intestines   to function properly  

 The larvae are C -- shaped , have a very firm wrinkled hairy body , a very small head and tiny legs ; Cetonia aurata move on their backs , which is a very quick way to identify them .
 The larvae   shaped  

 As Scleroderma progresses , esophageal involvement from abnormalities in decreased motility may worsen due to progressive fibrosis ( scarring ) .
 Scleroderma   progresses  

 After John Brown (abolitionist) was executed , John Brown (abolitionist) wife took John Brown (abolitionist) body there for burial .
 John Brown   was executed  

 The only reason to read The Magician 's Nephew first ... is for the chronological order of events , and that , as every story teller knows , is quite unimportant as a reason .
 every story teller   knows  

 There is also an immunologic mechanism that does not rely on IgE , but it is not known if this occurs in humans .
 it   is not known  

 For example , the phosphate ion containing radioactive phosphorus-32 is 32PO43 - .
 the phosphate ion containing radioactive phosphorus-32   is  

 On the ground , chimpanzees usually walk on all fours using Chimpanzee knuckles for support with Chimpanzee hands clenched , a form of locomotion called knuckle-walking .
 Chimpanzee knuckles for support with Chimpanzee hands   clenched  

 Other estimates can suffer from the problem that , if Autocorrelation are used to calculate the variance of a linear combination of the 's , the variance calculated may turn out to be negative .
 the variance   calculated  

 Not in strength are we inferior to men ; the same our eyes , our limbs the same ; one common light we see , one air we breathe ; nor different is the food we eat .
 we   see  

 Also , the p-adic numbers can not be ordered , since Q2 contains a square root of & minus ; 7 and Qp ( p > 2 ) contains a square root of 1 & minus ; p .
 the p-adic numbers   can not be ordered  

 The disadvantage is that the communication can be very ephemeral if the email messages are not routinely saved .
 the email messages   are not routinely saved  

 Where schedules allowed , the Army allowed the crops to be harvested , but this was not always possible .
 the crops   to be harvested  

 But the 9:3:3:1 table shows that each of the two genes is independently inherited with a 3:1 phenotypic ratio .
 each of the two genes   is independently inherited  

 On January 11 , 2011 , Michael Douglas said in an interview that the tumor was gone .
 the tumor   was gone  

 A major international relief effort saw the city rebuilt quickly , though much of Skopje old neo-classical charm was lost in the process .
 the city   rebuilt quickly  

 The southern side of Sebastos was much more exposed than the northern side , requiring sturdier breakwaters .
 The southern side of Sebastos   much more exposed  

 Preclinical and early clinical studies have been started to examine bortezomib 's effectiveness in treating other B-cell-related cancers , particularly some types of non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma .
 Preclinical and early clinical studies   have been started  

 Just as this first Fronde ( the Fronde parlementaire of 1648 -- 1649 ) ended , a second one ( the Fronde des princes of 1650 -- 1653 ) began .
 princes of 1650   began  

 Unlike most other Northerners , who advocated peaceful resistance to the pro-slavery faction , John Brown (abolitionist) believed that peaceful resistance was shown to be ineffective and that the only way to defeat the oppressive system of slavery was through violent insurrection .
 peaceful resistance   was shown  

 In the West , the most significant development occurred when the rules for Monasticism communities were written , the Rule of St Basil being credited with having been the first .
 the rules for Monasticism communities   were written  

 So choose life in order that you may live , you and your descendants , '' Joshua 24:15 `` But if serving the LORD seems undesirable to you , then choose for yourselves this day whom you will serve , whether the gods your ancestors served beyond the Euphrates , or the gods of the Amorites , in whose land you are living .
 you   are living  

 The monarchy was abolished and a republic called the Commonwealth of England , also referred to as the Cromwellian Interregnum , was declared .
 The monarchy   was abolished  

 Lex 's attires primary consists of dark colors and is an inquisitive person , and Lex Luthor is that curiosity that drives him to attain as much power as possible as the series progresses , ultimately leading him to being Clark 's greatest enemy , his conviction that he is ` needed ' to protect the world causing him to kill his own father and turn against everyone that he can not control in the belief that he is ` protecting ' the world from the aliens or superhumans who might exert their authority , unable to accept the idea that Lex Luthor only seek to help others .
 the series   progresses  

 The 45 minutes choral work is based on the writings of Indian Spiritual leader Sri Ramakrishna , which seem `` to have genuinely inspired and revived the composer out of Philip Glass old formulas to write something fresh '' , as one critic remarked , whereas another noted that `` The musical style breaks little new ground for Glass , except for the glorious Handelian ending the `` composer 's style ideally fits the devotional text '' .
 one critic   remarked  

 Some places may allow a hand such as 10-9-8-7-A to play as a straight ( by analogy to a wheel ) in the 32-card game , the A playing low and skipping over the removed ranks ( although this is not the case in Manila ) .
 Some places   may allow  

 Project A119 , proposed in the 1960s , which as Apollo scientist Gary Latham explained , would have been the detonating of a `` smallish '' nuclear device on the Moon in order to facilitate research into Nuclear weapon geologic make-up .
 Apollo scientist Gary Latham   explained  

 For example , Pakistan requires applicants to be interviewed before a Pakistani passport will be granted .
 a Pakistani passport   will be granted  

 That is , a subset that is an equivalence relation and and implies for every in S. Like any equivalence relation , a semigroup congruence induces congruence classes Because is a congruence , the set of all congruence classes of forms Semigroup with , called the quotient semigroup or factor semigroup , and denoted .
 the set of all congruence classes of forms   denoted  

 Many diffuse reflectors are described or can be approximated by Lambert 's cosine law , which describes surfaces that have equal luminance when viewed from any angle .
 reflectors   are described  

 The context of the prayer in Matthew is a discourse deploring people who pray ostentatiously : Jesus instructs his listeners to pray in the manner prescribed in Lord's Prayer .
 people   pray ostentatiously  

 Suzette Haden Elgin , who also was involved in the early development of neurolinguistic programming , invented the language Láadan , specifically devised to explore linguistic relativity , by making it easier to express what Elgin considered the female worldview , as opposed to Standard Average European languages which she considers to convey a `` male centered '' world view .
 the language   specifically devised  

 Edinburgh Castle is run and administered , for the most part , by Historic Scotland , an executive agency of the Scottish Government , although some parts of Edinburgh Castle are managed by the Army .
 Edinburgh Castle   is run  

 If the parameter is denoted θ then Estimator is typically written by adding a circumflex over the symbol : .
 the parameter   is denoted θ  

 The French courts threw out Louis Philippe I claim , arguing that the legal system had no jurisdiction over the matter .
 I   claim  

 Bonding MOs : Antibonding MOs : Nonbonding MOs : The type of interaction between atomic orbitals can be further categorized by the molecular-orbital symmetry labels σ ( sigma ) , π ( pi ) , δ ( delta ) , φ ( phi ) , γ ( gamma ) etc. paralleling the symmetry of the atomic orbitals s , p , d , f and g .
 The type of interaction between atomic orbitals   p  

 Interference reflection microscopy can be obtained by using the same elements used by DIC , but without the prisms .
 Interference reflection microscopy   can be obtained  

 Provided a law is properly formed , in accordance with the rules recognized in the society concerned , Jurisprudence is a valid law , regardless of whether Jurisprudence is just by some other standard .
 a law   is properly formed  

 Israel , having recognized Palestinian people as a separate people , is obliged to promote and respect this right in conformity with the Charter of the United Nations .
 Israel   to promote  

 Each campaign starts with enemy factions running easy AI modes , scaling through the course of the campaign to the hardest AI modes .
 Each campaign   scaling  

 If a light pulse is propagated through a normally dispersive medium , the result is the higher frequency components slow down more than the lower frequency components .
 a light pulse   is propagated  

 According to objective collapse theories , wave function collapse occurs when a superposed systems reaches a certain objective threshold of size , complexity etc. Objective collapse proponents would expect a system as macroscopic as a cat to have collapsed before the box was opened , so the question of observation-of-observers does not arise for them .
 the box   was opened  

 The observation that women tend to reach orgasm more easily when Orgasm are ovulating also suggests that Orgasm is tied to increasing fertility .
 Orgasm   are ovulating  

 Concubinage is an interpersonal relationship in which a person engages in an ongoing relationship ( usually matrimonially oriented ) with another person .
 an ongoing relationship   usually matrimonially oriented  

 One of Marcus Aurelius teachers , Diognetus , a painting-master , proved particularly influential ; Marcus Aurelius seems to have introduced Marcus to the philosophic way of life .
 Marcus Aurelius   seems  

 The first game at Jarry Park was played on April 14 -- an 8 -- 7 Montreal Expos win over the St. Louis Cardinals , broadcast nationwide on CBC television and radio .
 7 Montreal Expos   win  

 After the 1986 acquisition , the chief executive of NBC was Bob Wright , until he retired , giving his job to Jeff Zucker .
 he   retired  

 The Talmud also states : `` Righteous people of all nations have a share in the world to come '' ( Sanhedrin 105a ) .
 a share in the world   to come  

 There is no better illustration of this than in Hyacinthe Rigaud 's frequently-reproduced Portrait of Louis XIV of 1701 , in which a 63-year-old Louis appears to stand on a set of unnaturally young legs .
 a 63-year-old Louis   appears  

 Second Battle of El Alamein doubled the speed at which heavily mined sands could be cleared , from around 100 m to about 200 m an hour .
 heavily mined sands   could be cleared  

 In post-apartheid South Africa , punk has attracted a greater number of white middle-class males.It 's my home Punk subculture 's where I 'll stay and where I belong I did n't choose to be here I was born I might seem out of place but everything I hold dear is under the African sun .
 I   was born  

 The traditional construction of English longbow consists of drying the yew wood for 1 to 2 years , then slowly working the wood into shape , with the entire process taking up to four years .
 the entire process   taking up  

 All Mahāvākyas ( Great Sayings ) of the Upanishads , in one way or another , seem to indicate the unity of the world with the Brahman .
 All Mahāvākyas ( Great Sayings ) of the Upanishads   seem  

 The port of Benghazi was handling 3000 ST a day by the end of December when it had been thought that , after two years of almost constant destructive effort , its extreme capacity would be 800 ST .
 it   had been thought  

 The Islamic conquest of Afghanistan ( 642 -- 870 ) began in the middle of the 7th century after the Islamic conquest of Persia was completed , when Arab Muslims defeated the Sassanid Empire at the battles of Walaja , al-Qādisiyyah and Nahavand .
 the Islamic conquest of Persia   was completed  

 Maya Lin belief in a space being connected and the transition from inside to outside being fluid , coupled with what a space means , has led Maya Lin to create some very memorable designs .
 a space   being connected  

 But a paraphilic disorder is defined : that 's when an atypical sexual interest causes distress or impairment to the individual or harm to others '' .
 a paraphilic disorder   is defined  

 Morin ( 1999 ) states that a couple has a very good chance of adjusting to nonexclusivity if at least some of the following conditions exist : According to Shernoff , if the matter is discussed with a third party , such as a therapist , the task of the therapist is to : In The Ethical Slut , Dossie Easton and Janet Hardy ( writing as ` Catherine Liszt ' ) described an argument against polyamory which posits that when one 's love is divided among multiple partners , the love is lessened .
 at least some of the following conditions   exist  

 There are different conventions for expressing octane ratings , so Gasoline may have several different octane ratings based on the measure used .
 the measure   used  

 The region of the north , in proportion as it is removed from the heat of the sun and is chilled with snow and frost , is so much the more healthful to the bodies of men and fitted for the propagation of nations , just as , on the other hand , every southern region , the nearer it is to the heat of the sun , the more it abounds in diseases and is less fitted for the bringing up of the human race .
 it   is chilled  

 So far as Latin writing is concerned , Palaeography marks the dawn of modern times .
 Latin   writing  

 Shamanism are said to treat ailments/illness by mending the soul .
 Shamanism   are said  

 `` Britomartis , who is also called Diktynna , the myths relate , was born at Kaino in Crete of Zeus and Karme , the daughter of Euboulos who was the son of Demeter ; she invented the nets diktya which are used in hunting '' .
 the myths   relate  

 Acetalization of ( 14 ) yields a precursor to the desired thioester ( 15 ) , which was achieved by replacing the terminal methoxy group with the required thio group .
 the desired thioester   was achieved  

 When an opportunity for such an education arose , Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky entered the nascent Saint Petersburg Conservatory , from where Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky graduated in 1865 .
 an opportunity for such an education   arose  

 In 2008 the authentification committee was sued by collector Gerard De Geer , who claimed the committee breached its contract by refusing to offer an opinion on the authenticity of the painting Fuego Flores ( 1983 ) ; after the lawsuit was dismissed , the committee ruled the work genuine .
 the lawsuit   was dismissed  

 Yusuf Cat Stevens discusses this topic on Cat Stevens website , saying , `` It 's true that Cat Stevens have asked Cat Stevens manager to respectfully request lady presenters refrain from embracing Cat Stevens when giving awards or during public appearances , but that has nothing to do with Cat Stevens feelings or respect for them .
 Cat Stevens manager   to respectfully request  

 The name Nycteus signifies `` of the night '' , as does Nyctimene in the following variant : according to accounts by the Roman Gaius Julius Hyginus and in Ovid 's Metamorphoses ( ii .590 ) , an Epopeus was a king of Lesbos .
 The name   signifies  

 The genes that produce photopigments are carried on the X chromosome ; if some of these genes are missing or damaged , Color blindness will be expressed in males with a higher probability than in females because males only have one X chromosome ( in females , a functional gene on only one of the two X chromosomes is sufficient to yield the needed photopigments ) .
 males   only have  

 The tower remained until c. 1936 , when it was removed to allow for excavations for the new S-Bahn line ( on 26 September 1997 , a replica of the tower was erected , just for show , close to Potsdamer Platz original location by Siemens , to celebrate the company 's 150th anniversary .
 it   was removed  

 The Compact Disc technology also began appearing in vehicles after Car audio use in home audio proved popular .
 The Compact Disc technology   began  

 In certifying that the amendment had been validly ratified , the Archivist of the United States had acted under statutory authority granted to his office by the Congress under Title 1 , section 106b of the United States Code , which states : Despite that , Senator Robert Byrd of West Virginia scolded Wilson for having certified the amendment without congressional approval .
 section 106b of the United States Code   states  

 The mining and industrial center of Tangshan , 165 km east of Beijing , was leveled by an earthquake in July 1976 , it was believed to be the largest earthquake of the 20th century by death toll .
 it   was believed  

 Claudius Ptolemy in his Geography , describes the Χαιρουσκοὶ and Καμαυοὶ ( Cherusci and Chamavi ) as living near each other and also near to `` Mount Melibocus '' ( probably the Harz maountains ) and to the Calucones , who lived on both banks of the Elbe .
 Claudius Ptolemy in his Geography   describes  

 The first Celeron Ms that supports the XD bit was released in January 2005 , in general any Celeron M released after that supports the XD bit .
 The first Celeron Ms   supports  

 The chapel suffered Sainte-Chapelle most grievous destruction in the late eighteenth century during the French Revolution , when the steeple and baldachin were removed , the relics dispersed ( although some survive as the `` relics of Sainte-Chapelle '' at Notre Dame de Paris ) , and various reliquaries , including the grande châsse , were melted down .
 the relics   dispersed  

 Although Commodore VIC-20 was criticized in print as being underpowered , the strategy worked .
 the strategy   worked  

 The infantry would proceed close behind a creeping barrage placed down by light field guns , advancing in timed 100 yd increments .
 The infantry   advancing  

 The Royalist position became untenable when the Essex militia stormed and captured Fort Royal , ( a redoubt on a small hill to the south-east of Worcester overlooking the Sidbury gate ) , turning the Royalist guns to fire on Worcester .
 the Essex militia   stormed  

 This followed naturally from Marshall McLuhan earlier work as both dialectic and rhetoric in the classical trivium aimed at persuasion .
 This   followed naturally  

 Do the Right Thing yell at each other , threatening , until Sal , in a fit of frustration and anger , calls Radio Raheem a `` nigger , '' then snaps and destroys Radio Raheem 's boombox with a baseball bat .
 the Right Thing   threatening  

 If some of the details of Jewish law may have been lost over the millennia , they were reconstructed in accordance with internally consistent rules ; see The 13 rules by which Jewish law was derived .
 they   were reconstructed  

 Robert Bernstein , founder of Human Rights Watch , says that antisemitism is `` deeply ingrained and institutionalized '' in `` Antisemitism in the Arab world nations in modern times '' .
 antisemitism   institutionalized  

 Two nuclear isomers have been discovered , the longer-lived one being 24mNa with a half-life of around 20.2 microseconds .
 Two nuclear isomers   have been discovered  

 The Argentine military junta began to reinforce the islands in late April when it was realised that the British Task Force was heading south .
 it   was realised  

 Francisco Vásquez de Coronado found Quivira `` well settled ... along good river bottoms , although without much water , and good streams which flow into another '' .
 Quivira   well settled  

 Most famous is , co-authored with mathematician Dave Bayer , which concluded that Shuffling did not start to become random until five good riffle shuffles , and was truly random after seven , in the precise sense of variation distance described in Markov chain mixing time ; of course , you would need more shuffles if your shuffling technique is poor .
 Shuffling   did not start  

 Joel Marangella is an American oboist who has performed in concert with many of Joel Marangella leading orchestras .
 an American oboist   has performed  

 Some universities that do highly sensitive research are allowed to connect to National Security Agency .
 Some universities that do highly sensitive research   to connect  

 The festivities are broken up , however , by the appearance of a large avatar in the sky , nicknamed the Hell Ditch Pilgrim ( after the supernatural crevice Top 10 (comics) appeared above ) .
 The festivities   are broken up  

 Roget meekly apologizes to Paris for what he has done , eliciting an ambiguous response .
 he   has done  

 Neijia is a term in Chinese martial arts , grouping those styles that practice nèijìng , usually translated as internal martial arts , occupied with spiritual , mental or qi-related aspects , as opposed to an `` external '' approach focused on physiological aspects .
 those styles   practice nèijìng  

 Although most of these visits are managed in partnership with the marine tourism industry , there is a concern amongst the general public that tourism is harmful to Great Barrier Reef .
 most of these visits   are managed  

 The signal was reacquired at 03:13:04 UT when Mariner 4 reappeared .
 Mariner 4   reappeared  

 Also that year , the Arena Company decided that only NHL teams would be allowed to play at the Arena Gardens -- a move which effectively killed the NHA .
 only NHL teams   would be allowed  

 Billy Wright (loyalist) spoke of this dilemma during an interview with Martin Dillon : `` You ca n't glorify God and seek to glorify Ulster because the challenges which are needed are paramilitary .
 the challenges   are needed  

 In 1997 , just thirteen years after the National Stadium had opened , it was considered too small and did not have the facilities required of the time and it was demolished and a new stadium , the Millennium Stadium , was built in Cardiff Arms Park place ( completed to a north-south alignment and opened in June 1999 ) .
 it   was demolished  

 In both high-order and low-order salvage the amount of the salvage award is based first upon the value of the property saved .
 the property   saved  

 A power law with an exponential cutoff is simply a power law multiplied by an exponential function : In the most general sense , a power-law probability distribution is a distribution whose density function ( or mass function in the discrete case ) has the form where , and is a slowly varying function , which is any function that satisfies with constant and .
 any function   satisfies  

 Britain was cool on the idea of integration , while opinion in Seychelles appeared to be split .
 opinion in Seychelles   to be split  

 Peck concurs , stating that Leicester was `` intent upon rendering Sussex 's allies politically useless '' .
 Peck   concurs  

 Ivan Emelyanov stood ready , clutching a briefcase containing a bomb that would be used if the other two bombers failed .
 a bomb   would be used  

 A bet of $ 6.43 , resulting in pot odds of 4.11-to-1 , would make his opponent mathematically indifferent to calling if Pot odds are disregarded .
 Pot odds   are disregarded  

 The Temne are thought to have come from Futa Jallon , which is in present-day Guinea .
 The Temne   are thought  

 Although sections of the main Führerbunker were found , partially destroyed or filled in , another bunker complex was found further north that even the East German authorities had apparently missed , plus other cavities beneath land bordering the east side of Ebertstraße , although these turned out to be underground garages belonging to a former SS accommodation block .
 sections of the main Führerbunker   filled in  

 What gives enduring interest to the battle is the superb courage with which a group of Byrhtnoth 's thegns , knowing that the fight was lost , deliberately gave themselves to death in order that they might avenge their lord '' .
 the fight   was lost  

 In mid-July 1604 , Charles left Dunfermline for England where Charles I of England was to spend most of the rest of Charles I of England life .
 Charles I of England   was  

 The most important factor affecting this is the stray light level of the monochromator The detector used is broadband ; Ultraviolet–visible spectroscopy responds to all the light that reaches Ultraviolet–visible spectroscopy .
 The detector   used  

 This can happen , for instance , where the absorbing substance is located within suspended particles ( see Beer 's law revisited , Berberan-Santos , J. Chem .
 This   can happen  

 Loyalist paramilitaries retaliated by killing Catholics at random and Assassination Irish nationalist politicians .
 Loyalist paramilitaries   retaliated  

 Regarding vouchers in Chile , researchers have found that when controls for the student 's background ( parental income and education ) are introduced , the difference in performance between public and private subsectors is not significant .
 controls for the student 's background   are introduced  

 As the new hall opened , Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame also recognized women for the first time , with inductees such as Senda Berenson Abbott , who first introduced basketball to women at Smith College .
 the new hall   opened  

 The Sonora was followed nearly to its source before a pass was discovered .
 a pass   was discovered  

 Alfred the Great appended rather than integrated the laws of Ine into Alfred the Great code , and although Alfred the Great included , as had Æthelbert , a scale of payments in compensation for injuries to various body parts , the two injury tariffs are not aligned .
 Alfred the Great   included  

 Conrad 's was a starkly lucid view of the human condition -- a vision similar to that which had been offered in two micro-stories by Joseph Conrad ten-years-older Polish compatriot , Bolesław Prus ( whose work Conrad greatly admired ) : `` Mold of the Earth '' ( 1884 ) and `` Shades '' ( 1885 ) .
 that   had been offered  

 In the short-term , rain causes instability because , like a heavy snowfall , Avalanche imposes an additional load on the snowpack ; and , once rainwater seeps down through the snow , Avalanche acts as a lubricant , reducing the natural friction between snow layers that holds the snowpack together .
 rainwater   seeps down  

 Venetia Burney ( later Venetia Phair ) , who as an eleven-year-old schoolgirl had suggested the name Pluto (Disney) for the planet , remarked in 2006 : `` The name had nothing to do with the Pluto (Disney) cartoon .
 Venetia Burney   had suggested  

 Plans to transfer to Broadway with the London cast were thwarted by Actors ' Equity , which insisted that American actors must be cast .
 American actors   must be cast  

 Coronado had one commandeered for Francisco Vásquez de Coronado winter quarters , Coofor , which is across the river from present-day Bernalillo near Albuquerque , New Mexico .
 Coronado   had  

 Miletus is the site of origin of the Greek philosophical ( and scientific ) tradition , when Thales , followed by Anaximander and Anaximenes ( known collectively , to modern scholars , as the Milesian School ) began to speculate about the material constitution of the world , and to propose speculative naturalistic ( as opposed to traditional , supernatural ) explanations for various natural phenomena .
 Thales   followed  

 In 1755 , Daniel Boone was a wagon driver in General Edward Braddock 's drive to push the French out of the Ohio Country , which ended with defeat of the Braddock expedition at what is known as the Battle of the Monongahela .
 the Ohio Country   ended  

 Dynamic parallax has sometimes also been used to determine the distance to a supernova , when the optical wave front of the outburst is seen to propagate through the surrounding dust clouds at an apparent angular velocity , while Parallax true propagation velocity is known to be the speed of light .
 the optical wave front of the outburst   is seen  

 During the raid , John Brown (abolitionist) seized the armory ; seven people were killed , and ten or more were injured .
 ten or more   were injured  

 In the United Kingdom in the 1980s , the term hard left was applied to supporters of Tony Benn , such as the Campaign Group and the those involved in the London Labour Briefing newspaper , as well as Trotskyist groups such as the Militant tendency and Socialist Organiser .
 the term   hard left  

 The tenor trombones that survive are pitched closest to Bb at A = 440 Hz , which is the same as A at A = 466 Hz .
 The tenor trombones   survive  

 The Rump Parliament continued to exist ( with varying influence ) until Cromwell forcibly disbanded it completely in 1653 , thereby establishing The Protectorate .
 The Rump Parliament   to exist  

 John T. Rose , who previously ran Compaq 's desktop PC division , took over the corporate server business from SVP Gary Stimac who had resigned .
 SVP Gary Stimac   had resigned  

 A 2008 critical review found that with the possible exception of back pain , chiropractic manipulation has not been shown to be effective for any medical condition .
 chiropractic manipulation   has not been shown  

 While Theoderic lived , the Visigothic kingdom was practically united to his own dominion .
 Theoderic   lived  

 Octavian , aged only 18 when Caesar died , proved to have considerable political skills , and while Antony dealt with Decimus Brutus in the first round of the new civil wars , Octavian consolidated Julius Caesar tenuous position .
 Caesar   died  

 Recent archaeological evidence suggests that the earliest known shamans -- dating to the Upper Paleolithic era in what is now the Czech Republic -- were women .
 the earliest known shamans   dating  

 In simplest terms , Distortion was caused by pushing the biasing voltage AC swing higher than the maximum power the amp Effects unit could provide , leading to greatly reduced `` gain '' in the peaks of voltage , blunting the waveform .
 the amp Effects unit   could provide  

 In particular , the Dilbert Principle seems to be an extension of the Peter Principle .
 the Dilbert Principle   seems  

 John Keenan , who praised the collection Endpoint as `` beautiful and poignant '' , notes that John Updike poetry 's engagement with `` the everyday world in a technically accomplished manner seems to count against him '' .
 John Updike poetry 's engagement with `` the everyday world in a technically accomplished manner   seems  

 At least three redactions of the text are commonly recognized : Jaya ( Victory ) with 8,800 verses attributed to Vyasa , Bharata with 24,000 verses as recited by Vaisampayana , and finally Mahabharata as recited by Ugrasrava Sauti with over 100,000 verses .
 At least three redactions of the text   are commonly recognized  

 After the hydrogen fuel at the core has been consumed , the star evolves away from the main sequence on the HR diagram .
 the hydrogen fuel at the core   has been consumed  

 This is achieved by designing sequence-specific DNA primers that hybridize to the 5 ' and 3 ' ends of a cDNA region coding for a protein .
 This   is achieved  

 Although John Keats noted that Keats could be `` wayward , trembling , easily daunted , '' Woodhouse was convinced of Keats 's genius , a poet to support as John Keats became one of England 's greatest writers .
 a poet   to support  

 Philadelphia Phillies were unable to repeat , falling to the New York Yankees , 4 games to 2 .
 Philadelphia Phillies   to repeat  

 The increase in banning orders has resulted in a reduction of arrests at games , with only 22 people being arrested attending games in 2005 -- 06 compared to 39 arrests in 2004 -- 05 .
 only 22 people   being arrested  

 Play of colour , such as in opal , results in the sample reflecting different colours as it is turned , while pleochroism describes the change in colour as light passes through a mineral in a different orientation .
 it   is turned  

 In a second referendum on 12 May 2009 STV was defeated , 60.91 % to 39.09 % STV has also been used historically in several other jurisdictions .
 STV   was defeated  

 As a result , Yeshaq was forced to withdraw towards the Blue Nile over the next five months , while Jamal ad Din 's forces pursued them and looted much gold on the way , although no engagement ensued .
 no engagement   ensued  

 The central role of syntax within theoretical linguistics became clear only in the 20th century , which could reasonably be called the `` century of syntactic theory '' as far as linguistics is concerned .
 linguistics   is concerned  

 The Diffie -- Hellman key exchange relies on the fact that there are efficient algorithms for modular exponentiation , while the reverse operation the discrete logarithm is thought to be a hard problem .
 the discrete logarithm   is thought  

 Singapore is highly urbanised with very little primary rainforest remaining , although more land is being created for development through land reclamation .
 very little primary rainforest   remaining  

 Kahane 's funeral was one of the largest in Israel 's history , where approximately 150,000 participated .
 approximately 150,000   participated  

 This is because under exponential growth conditions the cells are able to replicate their DNA faster than Ploidy can divide .
 Ploidy   can divide  

 Some choose to be identified according to paternal ethnicity while others simply think that Demographics of Malaysia fall in the `` Others '' category .
 Some   to be identified  

 real-time search engines ) may collect and assess items at the time of the search query , dynamically considering additional items based on the contents of a starting item ( known as a seed , or seed URL in the case of an Internet crawler ) .
 real-time search engines   may collect  

 The timer allows the user to program and enable the box to switch between channels at certain times : this is handy to record from more than one channel while the user is out .
 the user   to program  

 One theory is that sleep consolidates and optimizes the layout of memories , though recent evidence suggests this may be restricted to implicit procedural memories .
 that sleep   consolidates  

 The consensus of the industry at the moment seems to be that the flexibility and reduced process complexity obtained by having the two functions separated far outweighs the small penalty in packaging .
 The consensus of the industry at the moment   seems  

 A potential embarrassment for the South Sea was avoided when the question of the Hollow Sword Blade Company arose .
 the question of the Hollow Sword Blade Company   arose  

 Antonio Salieri responded to the reprimand by saying that the priest 's organ playing displeased him because it was in an inappropriately theatrical style .
 the priest 's organ   playing  

 As he was known to do every Sunday for many years , Alexander II of Russia went to the Mikhailovsky Manège for the military roll call .
 he   was known  

 When a product in such a container is purchased , a small surcharge is added to the price .
 a product in such a container   is purchased  

 In this case , the measured beam intensities may be corrected by subtracting the intensity measured in the dark interval before the ratio is taken .
 the ratio   is taken  

 By this stage White appears to have formed the view that John White (colonist and artist) was born under `` an unlucky star '' .
 White   appears  

 But Coen brothers have no clear perception of where Coen brothers are going .
 Coen brothers   are going  

 Nick Kent of NME said of the record : `` Siouxsie and the Banshees sounds like some unique hybrid of the Velvet Underground mated with much of the ingenuity of Tago Mago-era Can , if any parallel can be drawn '' .
 some unique hybrid of the Velvet Underground   mated  

 Similarly , if the quoted printable transfer encoding ( see below ) is used , the ASCII part of the message will be intelligible to users with non-MIME clients .
 the quoted printable transfer encoding ( see below   is used  

 Nevertheless , to accommodate the distance from the transducer to the display unit , which is much greater than in a normal echo-sounder , several refinements have to be made .
 several refinements   to be made  

 The production of Peter Sellers was troublesome before filming started , with two directors -- Richard Quine and John Avildsen -- both fired before the script had been completed .
 filming   started  

 At the stroke of midnight on New Year 's Eve , Lex Luthor sets in motion a calculated plot to discredit Supernova , a new hero who has taken over defending Metropolis in Superman 's absence .
 a new hero   has taken over  

 As the cabin depressurized , the convective rush of air caused the flames to spread rapidly , beginning the second phase .
 the cabin   depressurized  

 Confederate reoccupation of territory by successful armies could not be resupplied directly by rail as they advanced .
 they   advanced  

 As a result , instead of supporting and covering each other as they were designed to do , each Egyptian unit was left fighting for its own life .
 they   to do  

 Lincoln 's sister-in-law , sitting with John Wilkes Booth in the same presidential box where John Wilkes Booth would later be slain , turned to John Wilkes Booth and said , `` Mr. Lincoln , John Wilkes Booth looks as if John Wilkes Booth meant that for you '' .
 John Wilkes Booth   meant  

 The pirate captain was created for a front-cloth scene to be staged in front of the curtain while the set was changed from Neverland back to the Darling nursery , depicting the children 's journey home .
 The pirate captain   was created  

 However , the Christian majority of the past , constituting around 65 % of the population at one point , has been shrinking , while the number of Muslims has steadily increased to Melilla present 45 % of the population due to immigration from Muslim countries .
 the Christian majority of the past , constituting around 65 % of the population at one point   has been shrinking  

 Another factor was that , at 37 , Tchaikovsky might have been more set in Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky bachelor 's ways than Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky would have admitted .
 Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky   would have admitted  

 After Scott Joplin death in 1917 , Joplin 's music and ragtime in general waned in popularity as new forms of musical styles , such as jazz and novelty piano , emerged .
 new forms of musical styles , such as jazz and novelty piano   emerged  

 Plutarch then named , on Plutarch becoming a Roman citizen , Lucius Mestrius Plutarchus , c. 46 -- 120 AD , was a Greek historian , biographer , and essayist , known primarily for Plutarch Parallel Lives and Moralia .
 a Greek historian , biographer , and essayist   Lives  

 According to medieval biographers , Alhazen wrote more than 200 works on a wide range of subjects , of which at least 96 of Alhazen scientific works are known .
 at least 96 of Alhazen scientific works   are known  

 David W. Packard in his opposition to the deal `` cited massive layoffs as an example of this departure from HP 's core values ... arguing that although the founders never guaranteed job security , ` Bill and Dave never developed a premeditated business strategy that treated HP employees as expendable ' '' .
 the founders   never guaranteed  

 Three players are now in Dead money (poker) having contributed $ 3 each , for $ 9 `` live '' money ; the remaining $ 5 ( representing the antes of the players who folded ) is dead money .
 the players   folded  

 Antibody ( Ab ) , also known as an immunoglobulin ( Ig ) , is a large Y-shaped protein produced by B-cells that is used by the immune system to identify and neutralize foreign objects such as bacteria and viruses .
 a large Y-shaped protein   to identify  

 He also says that when he and Palin were asked to do the sketch for Saturday Night Live Dead Parrot sketch sat down together to try to remember the lines , and when Dead Parrot sketch got stuck Dead Parrot sketch considered just going out and stopping somebody on the street to ask how Dead Parrot sketch went , since everybody seemed to have Dead Parrot sketch memorised .
 got stuck   Dead Parrot sketch  

 This was done out of the Lee Kuan Yew government 's belief that for the nation to best develop and avoid hardship , the educated classes should be encouraged to contribute to the nation 's breeding pool , while the uneducated should not , sparking the Great Marriage Debate .
 the nation   to best develop  

 Laurence of Canterbury is a member of the Gregorian mission sent from Italy to England to Christianize the Anglo-Saxons from their native Anglo-Saxon paganism , although the date of his arrival is disputed .
 the date of his arrival   is disputed  

 Computer security started to slow down , because Computer security were running a malicious code that demanded processor time and that spread Computer security to other computers .
 Computer security   to slow down  

 Because grammar is less easily borrowed than words , grammar is usually considered stronger evidence for language relationships than vocabulary .
 grammar   less easily borrowed  

 In addition , slaves freed from American ships , such as the Creole case in 1841 , were allowed to settle here .
 slaves freed from American ships , such as the Creole case in 1841   were allowed  

 For MIMO ( multi input multi output ) and , in general , more complicated control systems one must consider the theoretical results devised for each control technique ( see next section ) : i.e. , if particular robustness qualities are needed , the engineer must shift his attention to a control technique by including them in Control theory properties .
 particular robustness qualities   are needed  

 Therefore the interpretation of what kinds of sexual activity are acceptable for a layman is not a religious matter as far as Buddhism is concerned .
 Buddhism   is concerned  

 Also critical of the policies as actually promoted by the International Monetary Fund have been some U.S. economists , such as Joseph Stiglitz and Dani Rodrik , who have challenged what are sometimes described as the `` fundamentalist '' policies of the International Monetary Fund and the US Treasury for what Stiglitz calls a `` one size fits all '' treatment of individual economies .
 one size   fits  

 Some critics say the NFL is exaggerating Super Bowl ownership rights by stating that `` any use is prohibited , '' as this contradicts the broad doctrine of fair use in the United States .
 any use   is prohibited  

 The S-IVB auxiliary propulsion system was fired and the remaining propellants vented to slow Apollo 12 down to fly past the Moon 's trailing edge ( the Apollo spacecraft always approached the Moon 's leading edge ) .
 The S-IVB auxiliary propulsion system   was fired  

 All these forms of synaptic modifiability , taken collectively , give rise to neural plasticity , that is , to a capability for the nervous system to adapt Nervous system to variations in the environment .
 All these forms of synaptic modifiability   taken collectively  

 The largest economic sectors in Sydney , as measured by the number of people employed , include property and business services , retail , manufacturing , and health and community services .
 people   employed  

 Responsibility for the design and construction of the electromagnetic separation plant , which came to be called Y-12 , was assigned to Stone & Webster by the S-1 Committee in June 1942 .
 the electromagnetic separation plant   came  

 When all densities are multiplied by 4 , and all sizes are halved , Orbit are similar ; masses are divided by 2 , gravitational forces are the same , gravitational accelerations are doubled .
 all sizes   are halved  

 Among the bodies to be dissolved was the Court of Burgesses of the City of Westminster .
 the bodies   to be dissolved  

 One popular situation to throw off is as follows and is known as `` The Throw Off '' ; 1 ) the picker is 2nd and has a weak hand , 2 ) a nontrump fail is lead which the picker does not have , 3 ) the picker throws off hoping his partner can take the trick .
 the picker   does not have  

 Other restaurants , such as Carluccio 's , support the appeal year-round ; Carluccio 's generously donate 50p for each Penne Giardiniera sold .
 Carluccio 's   generously donate 50p  

 After a sight is taken , Sextant is reduced to a position by following any of several mathematical procedures .
 a sight   is taken  

 Led Zeppelin 's `` Going to California '' was said to be written about Robert Plant and Jimmy Page 's infatuation with Mitchell , a claim that seems to be borne out by the fact that , in live performances , Plant often says `` Joni '' after the line `` To find a queen without a king , they say Joni Mitchell plays guitar and cries and sings '' .
 Led Zeppelin 's   to be written  

 Then-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice asked Jones twice to be Deputy Secretary of State after Robert Zoellick resigned .
 Robert Zoellick   resigned  

 When the record 's release date was postponed , Wilson brought the band into a New York studio in November 1966 to add a final song to the track listing : the single `` Sunday Morning '' .
 the record 's release date   was postponed  

 According to Tao , this proof yields much deeper insights into the distribution of the primes than the `` elementary '' proofs discussed below .
 the `` elementary '' proofs   discussed below  

 A basic PCR set up requires several components and reagents .
 A basic PCR   set up  

 On another occasion when Lincoln 's son Tad saw Booth perform , John Wilkes Booth said the actor thrilled John Wilkes Booth , prompting Booth to give the President 's youngest son a rose .
 Booth   perform  

 16-bit designs had only been on the market briefly when 32-bit implementations started to appear .
 32-bit implementations   started  

 In 2006 , Staind performed an acoustic show in the Hiro Ballroom , New York City on September 6 and the songs played were recorded for their `` Greatest Hits '' album .
 the songs   played  

 On the one hand , this period has seen the university 's growth as one of the foremost centres of the excellence in the country , while on the other , this period has also seen Jadavpur University being affected by naxalite violence that claimed , among others , the life of Prof. Gopal Chandra Sen , who was the vice chancellor of the university at the time of his death .
 naxalite violence   claimed  

 According to the archaeologist Marija Gimbutas , the entire area has thousands of river names that can be traced back to an original Baltic language , even though Old Prussian language have undergone Slavicization .
 river names   can be traced back  

 During the 17th and 18th centuries , the shorter smallsword became an essential fashion accessory in European countries and the New World , though in some places such as the Scottish Highlands large swords as the basket-hilted broadsword were preferred , and most wealthy men and military officers carried one slung from a belt .
 the basket-hilted broadsword   were preferred  

 Radiocarbon dating Near the northernmost line of the Roman hinterlands , the Limes Romanus , there existed the winter camp of Laugaricio ( modern-day Trenčín ) where the Auxiliary of Legion II fought and prevailed in a decisive battle over the Germanic Quadi tribe in 179 AD during the Marcomannic Wars .
 the Auxiliary of Legion II   fought  

 According to the Greek historian Plutarch ( in De defectu oraculorum , `` The Obsolescence of Oracles '' ) , Pan (god) is the only Greek god ( other than Asclepius ) who actually dies .
 the only Greek god ( other than Asclepius   actually dies  

 Contestants were allowed to enter as many times as Encyclopedia Brown wished , provided Encyclopedia Brown used a separate envelope for each entry .
 Contestants   were allowed  

 However , a weak bond market in 1953 forced a delay of more than a year before the bonds could be issued .
 the bonds   could be issued  

 Hence the paradox , because typically programmers are `` satisfied with whatever language Linguistic relativity happen to use , because Linguistic relativity dictates the way Linguistic relativity think about programs '' .
 Hence the paradox , because typically programmers are `` satisfied with whatever language Linguistic relativity   to use  

 For any subset A of S there is a smallest subsemigroup T of S which contains A , and we say that A generates T .
 we   say  

 The antipodal quotient of Sphere is the surface called the real projective plane , which can also be thought of as the northern hemisphere with antipodal points of the equator identified .
 the equator   identified  

 In May , as well , Fox had released the first Hollywood fiction film with synchronized dialogue : the short They 're Coming to Get Me , starring comedian Chic Sale .
 They   're Coming  

 Pierre Teilhard de Chardin was a leading proponent of orthogenesis , the idea that evolution occurs in a directional , goal driven way , argued in terms that today go under the banner of convergent evolution .
 evolution   occurs  

 He also says that when he and Palin were asked to do the sketch for Saturday Night Live Dead Parrot sketch sat down together to try to remember the lines , and when Dead Parrot sketch got stuck Dead Parrot sketch considered just going out and stopping somebody on the street to ask how Dead Parrot sketch went , since everybody seemed to have Dead Parrot sketch memorised .
 Dead Parrot sketch   went  

 A further proclamation of 1538 , aiming to stop the spread of Lutheran doctrine , saw Henry VIII note that `` sondry contentious and sinyster opiniones , have by wrong teachynge and naughtye bokes increaced and growen within this his realme of England '' , and declare that all authors and printers must allow the Privy Council or their agents to read and censor books before publication .
 sondry contentious and sinyster opiniones , have by wrong teachynge and naughtye bokes   increaced  

 These advantages include : the least drag depending on the speed used , the ability to move the sea vessel backwards , and the ability to use the `` vane '' - stance , which gives the least water resistance when not using the propeller ( e.g. when the sails are used instead ) .
 the speed   used  

 The absolute value for the exposure time required depends on how sensitive to light the medium being used is ( measured by the film speed , or , for digital media , by the quantum efficiency ) .
 the medium   being used  

 The first missiles to be used operationally were a series of missiles developed by Nazi Germany in World War II .
 The first missiles   to be used operationally  

 This criticism is said to have had a considerable influence on the direction of Grimm 's studies .
 This criticism   is said  

 Bangladesh , India , Pakistan and Sri Lanka inherited a diversity of rail gauges , some of which was .
 a diversity of rail gauges   was  

 Suffrage , political franchise , or simply franchise , distinct from other rights to vote , is the right to vote gained through the democratic process .
 the right   gained  

 Currently , many believe the new prince of Japan will ascend the throne , as the law defines .
 the law   defines  

 The largest hoard of early Pictish metalwork was found in 1819 at Norrie 's Law in Fife , but unfortunately much was dispersed and melted down ( Scottish law on treasure finds has always been unhelpful to preservation ) .
 The largest hoard of early Pictish metalwork   unfortunately much was dispersed  

 In addition , the undecoded Cretan Linear A is also believed by some to be Syllabary , though this is not proven .
 this   is not proven  

 Nero deliberately broke two crystal cups when he realised that he was about to be deposed , so denying anyone else of their use .
 he   to be deposed  

 Much of Sweden is heavily forested , with 55 % of Geography of Sweden being forest and woodland , while farmland constitutes only 8 % of land use .
 Much of Sweden   is heavily forested  

 Rheinberg illumination is a special variant of dark field illumination in which transparent , colored filters are inserted just before the condenser so that light rays at high aperture are differently colored than those at low aperture ( i.e. the background to the specimen may be blue while the object appears self-luminous red ) .
 the object   appears  

 Savage Land is now the home of Longshot , who managed to get there in a small boat which launched from Genosha .
 a small boat   launched  

 Many of the townspeople encourage Kane to leave , hoping that would defuse the situation .
 Kane   to leave  

 Images of devastation in Vietnam , by planes based and armed in Okinawa Prefecture , led many to see parallels in the two wars .
 planes   based  

 When Lead and follow goes forward , the Follow will naturally go backwards .
 Lead   follow  

 The only native judges are the Justices of the Peace , who only handle civil cases where sums involved do not exceed 15,000 $ .
 sums   involved  

 The logic for this is believed to be that the prime number intervals between emergences make Prime number very difficult for predators to evolve that could specialize as predators on Magicicadas .
 The logic for this   is believed  

 What is ` Best Liked ' by most readers is what they are most familiar in seeing and any policy based on readers likes has to end up with a lot of look-a-like strips .
 any policy based on readers   likes  

 According to tradition , Chief Logan of the Mingo tribe delivered a passionate speech at a peace-treaty meeting under this elm in 1774 , said to be the most famous speech ever given by a Native American .
 According to tradition , Chief Logan of the Mingo tribe delivered a passionate speech at a peace-treaty meeting under this elm in 1774   said  

 The problem with repetition is that , over a period of time , the melody being repeated remains static , even when there is a surface level of rhythmic activity added to it .
 the melody   being repeated  

 When Hera , the most conservative of goddesses -- for she had the most to lose in changes to the order of nature -- discovered that Leto was pregnant and that Zeus was the father , she realized that the offspring would cement the new order.Wolves are not easily delivered of Leto young , only after twelve days and twelve nights , for the people of Delos maintain that this was the length of time that Leto took Leto to travel from the Hyperboreoi to Delos '' .
 the new order.Wolves   are not easily delivered  

 John Donne did not publish these poems , although did allow them to circulate widely in manuscript form .
 them   to circulate widely  

 Marcus Cornelius Fronto may well have died in the late 160s , as a result of the Antonine Plague that followed the Parthian War , though conclusive proof is lacking .
 conclusive proof   is lacking  

 In May 1973 , with Peter Sellers third marriage failing , Sellers went to the theatre to watch Liza Minnelli perform .
 Liza Minnelli   perform  

 When the latter was reorganized and acquired the status of a university in 1890 , the technical faculty changed École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne name to École d'ingénieurs de l'Université de Lausanne .
 the latter   was reorganized  

 Shmuel Yosef Agnon went on to detail that Shmuel Yosef Agnon primary influences were the stories of the Bible .
 Shmuel Yosef Agnon   went on  

 OpenGL consisted of an overhaul to the way that OpenGL works , calling for fundamental changes to the API .
 OpenGL   works  

 Altitude sickness is the air density itself , the number of molecules ( of both oxygen and nitrogen ) per given volume , which drops as altitude increases .
 the number of molecules ( of both oxygen and nitrogen ) per given volume   drops  

 This experience did not lessen the extent to which the Canadian Corps employed trench raiding with raids being conducted nightly between 20 March and the opening of the offensive on 9 April , resulting in approximately 1,400 additional Canadian casualties .
 trench   raiding  

 Mecklenburg represents what early peoples would have worn , i.e. a steers 's head as a hat , with the hide hanging down the back to protect the neck from the sun , and overall as a way to instill fear in the enemy .
 early peoples   would have worn  

 Plugins permitting the Windows versions of Word to read and write formats Microsoft Word does not natively support , such as international standard OpenDocument format ( ODF ) ( ISO/IEC 26300:2006 ) , are available .
 the Windows versions of Word   to read  

 What form this first castle took is uncertain because Leeds Castle was rebuilt and transformed in the following centuries .
 Leeds Castle   was rebuilt  

 It is true that a certain bitterness of feeling afterwards sprang up between Grimm and Rask , but this may have well been the fault of the latter , who , impatient of contradiction and irritable in controversy , refused to consider the value of Grimm 's views when they involved modification of Jacob Grimm own .
 they   involved  

 As Turkish influence in Macedonia waned , schools were opened up that taught Macedonian language in areas with significant Bulgarian population .
 Turkish influence in Macedonia   waned  

 But Frankel 's conciliatory attitude was bound to create for Zecharias Frankel enemies on both liberal and orthodox sides , and such was the case with Abraham Geiger and Samson Raphael Hirsch , respectively .
 Frankel 's conciliatory attitude   was bound  

 The most popular of these , Agaricus bisporus , is considered safe for most people to eat because Mushroom is grown in controlled , sterilized environments .
 most people   to eat  

 Others , including Barbier 2007 , continue to contend that strong sustainability -- non-depletion of essential forms of natural capital -- may be appropriate .
 Others , including Barbier 2007   continue  

 The New York Times ( or NYT ) is an American daily newspaper , founded and continuously published in New York City since September 18 , 1851 .
 an American daily newspaper   founded  

 Ozzy Osbourne was also known to play the harmonica on some occasions ( i.e.
 Ozzy Osbourne   was also known  

 Sulfate minerals commonly form as evaporites , where they precipitate out of evaporating saline waters ; alternative , sulfates can also be found in hydrothermal vein systems associated with sulfides , or as oxidation products of sulfides .
 Sulfate minerals   commonly form  

 Despite this , John Cleese remained friendly with the group , and all six began writing Monty Python and the Holy Grail ; Cleese received a credit on three episodes of the fourth series which used material from these sessions , though John Cleese was officially unconnected with the fourth series .
 John Cleese   was officially unconnected  

 As Curtiss P-40 Warhawk turned to fly south over the west part of the island , Curtiss P-40 Warhawk were attacked near Sassari ... The attacking force consisted of 25 to 30 Bf 109s and Macchi C. 202s ... In the brief , intense battle that occurred ... the 317th claimed 21 enemy aircraft '' .
 Curtiss P-40 Warhawk   turned  

 The scandal set off further reforms that changed the way host cities were selected , to avoid similar cases in the future .
 host cities   were selected  

 However , a general-purpose algorithm for identifying infeasible paths has been proven to be impossible ( such an algorithm could be used to solve the halting problem ) .
 a general-purpose algorithm for identifying infeasible paths   has been proven  

 Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg `` carried the baby in Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg arms to the king in a condition for him to see and to know and realise for himself what Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg dared not tell him '' .
 him   to see  

 In 1954 , the British Doctors Study , a study of some 40 thousand doctors over 20 years , confirmed the suggestion , based on which the government issued advice that smoking and lung cancer rates were related .
 smoking and lung cancer rates   were related  

 Market research had revealed that many customers thought Concorde was more expensive than Concorde actually was ; thus ticket prices were progressively raised to match these perceptions .
 Concorde   actually was  

 Large , angular snow crystals are indicators of weak snow , because such crystals have fewer bonds per unit volume than small , rounded crystals that pack tightly together .
 small , rounded crystals   pack tightly together  

 The eastern half of the county is Upper Triassic Mercia Mudstone laid down with large salt deposits which were mined for hundreds of years around Northwich .
 Upper Triassic Mercia Mudstone   laid down  

 The reactivity of the simplest fluoroalkyne , difluoroacetylene , is an example of this instability ; difluoroacetylene easily polymerizes .
 difluoroacetylene   easily polymerizes  

 The voting for the Representatives according to the majority principle can be conducted in two electoral rounds , whereas the voting according to the proportional principle ends in the first round .
 The voting for the Representatives according to the majority principle   can be conducted  

 This systems-oriented approach became the standard way new microprocessor were introduced .
 new microprocessor   were introduced  

 The first team to relocate was the Quebec Athletic Club , who relocated to Hamilton , Ontario in 1920 to become the Hamilton Tigers .
 The first team   to relocate  

 Plosive is an oral occlusive , a consonant in which the vocal tract is blocked so that all airflow ceases .
 all airflow   ceases  

 Offa is not known to have issued a law code , leading historian Patrick Wormald to speculate that Alfred the Great had in mind the legatine capitulary of 786 that was presented to Offa by two papal legates .
 Offa   is not known  

 Nevertheless , the husbands of convicted adulteresses were not permitted by the Talmud to forgive their guilty wives , instead being compelled to divorce them ; according to Maimonides , a conviction for adultery nullified any right that the wife 's marriage contract ( Hebrew : ketubah ) gave her to a compensation payment for being divorced .
 a conviction for adultery   nullified  

 Acts reports that Apollos arrived in Achaia with letters of recommendation from Ephesian Christians and `` greatly helped those who through grace had believed , for Apollos powerfully refuted the Jews in public , showing by the Scriptures that the Christ was Jesus .
 those   had believed  

 The period after orgasm ( known as a refractory period ) is often a relaxing experience , attributed to the release of the neurohormones oxytocin and prolactin , as well as endorphins ( or `` endogenous morphine '' ) .
 the release of the neurohormones   prolactin  

 The genes that produce photopigments are carried on the X chromosome ; if some of these genes are missing or damaged , Color blindness will be expressed in males with a higher probability than in females because males only have one X chromosome ( in females , a functional gene on only one of the two X chromosomes is sufficient to yield the needed photopigments ) .
 some of these genes   are missing  

 Thus the cry of John Wycliffe opponents may be heard : `` The jewel of the clergy has become the toy of the laity '' .
 the cry of John Wycliffe opponents   may be heard  

 The immortal Prometheus was bound to a rock , where each day an eagle , the emblem of Zeus , was sent to feed on his liver , which would then grow back to be eaten again the next day .
 The immortal Prometheus   was bound  

 So that 's what Kubrick meant , aside from the fact that Strangelove was a revelation '' .
 Kubrick   meant  

 With these assumptions in mind , Newton calculated what the overall gravitational field would be if a large collection of small objects were formed into a giant spherical body .
 the overall gravitational field   would be  

 Justin Martyr conversion is commonly assumed to have taken place at Ephesus though it may have occurred anywhere on the road from Palestine to Rome .
 Justin Martyr conversion   is commonly assumed  

 Britain was cool on the idea of integration , while opinion in Seychelles appeared to be split .
 opinion in Seychelles   appeared  

 On one occasion Desiderius Erasmus wrote Colet : `` Desiderius Erasmus can not tell you , dear Colet , how Desiderius Erasmus hurry on , with all sails set , to holy literature .
 all sails   set  

 Hemilabile ligands contain at least two electronically different coordinating groups and form complexes where one these is easily displaced from the metal center while the other remains firmly bound ; a behaviour which has been found to increase the reactivity of catalysts when compared to the use of more traditional ligands .
 the other   firmly bound  

 Microscope was the optical microscope , although the original inventor is not easy to identify .
 the original inventor   to identify  

 Jerome was registered , like Jerome K. Jerome father 's amended name , as Jerome Clapp Jerome , and the Klapka appears to be a later variation ( after the exiled Hungarian general György Klapka ) .
 the Klapka   appears  

 Thus , dolphins , whales , and seals engage in unihemispheric sleep , which allows one brain hemisphere to remain fully functional , while the other goes to sleep .
 the other   goes  

 The result of the same doctrines in Bohemia -- that land but which was richest in ecclesiastical foundations -- was that in a short time the entire church estate was taken over and a revolution brought about in the relations of temporal holdings .
 the entire church estate   was taken over  

 The play was critically acclaimed in both the Liverpool Echo and also in Spencer Leigh 's 1998 book Drummed Out : The Sacking of Pete Best .
 Spencer Leigh 's 1998 book   Drummed Out  

 For objects traveling at speeds close to the speed of light , Newton 's laws were superseded by Albert Einstein 's theory of relativity .
 objects   traveling  

 Worldwide 0.05 -- 2 % of people are estimated to have anaphylaxis at some point in their life and rates appear to be increasing .
 Worldwide 0.05 -- 2 % of people are estimated to have anaphylaxis at some point in their life and rates   appear  

 Women , on the other hand , are only allowed to marry one husband , although Polygamy are allowed to remarry after a divorce .
 Polygamy   are allowed  

 Despite several attempts mounted from their port cities , C.S. naval forces were unable to break the Union blockade including Commodore Josiah Tattnall 's ironclads from Savannah , in 1862 with the CSS Atlanta .
 several attempts   mounted  

 Olympic Games has been widely written that during the Games , all conflicts among the participating city-states were postponed until the Games were finished .
 the Games   were finished  

 With no public demand for new works , and deprived of Alice 's constant support and inspiration , Edward Elgar allowed Edward Elgar to be deflected from composition .
 Edward Elgar   to be deflected  

 In contrast where there is a decision by a judge or a bench , Jury trial are required to give often detailed reason of both fact and law as to why such a decision is given .
 such a decision   is given  

 The thickness of the yarn may vary along Crochet length ; a slub is a much thicker section in which a mass of fibers is incorporated into the yarn .
 The thickness of the yarn   may vary  

 Officer Joe Pi is reconfigured as a lesser form to investigate a new strain of robot drug that seemed connected to the Hell Ditch Pilgrim .
 robot drug   connected  

 Some of the Muslims that were granted protection are said to have settled in several parts of the Horn of Africa to promote the religion .
 Some of the Muslims   are said  

 While waiting for additional players to show up , three sheepshead players may use the 20 non-sheepshead cards to play a game fancifully called `` sheepshoof '' .
 additional players   to show up  

 When the fissile atoms are packed closer together , the rate of neutron capture increases , and the mass becomes a critical mass .
 the fissile atoms   are packed closer together  

 Agip 's financial value immediately grew in the Stock Exchange markets , and the company ( owned by the State , but operating as a private company ) became at once solid and important .
 the company   operating  

 Emperor Lothair III had Byzantine backing , including a large financial subsidy , for John II Komnenos invasion of Norman territory in 1136 , which reached as far south as Bari .
 a large financial subsidy , for John II Komnenos invasion of Norman territory in 1136   reached as far south  

 Earthquake are different from earthquakes followed by a series of aftershocks by the fact that no single earthquake in the sequence is obviously the main shock , therefore none have notable higher magnitudes than the other .
 earthquakes   followed  

 The round hemisphere is conjectured to be the optimal ( least area ) filling of the Riemannian circle .
 The round hemisphere   is conjectured  

 Taiwan started to build up railway in the Qing dynasty using gauge .
 Taiwan   started  

 Borrowing , when it occurs , is concentrated in cultural vocabulary and clusters `` in certain semantic areas '' , making it easy to detect ( 1957:39 ) .
 it   occurs  

 With Gustavus Adolphus risking his life in battles , an heir to the throne was anxiously awaited .
 an heir to the throne   was anxiously awaited  

 Both are TTL compatible , have an 8-bit bidirectional data bus , a 16-bit stack pointer , a 16-bit address bus that can address 64 KB of memory and come in a 40-pin DIP package .
 a 16-bit address bus   come  

 The Debenhams department store is said to be haunted by Henry Stafford , 2nd Duke of Buckingham - the store is on the site where he was beheaded in 1483 .
 The Debenhams department store   is said  

 Further , the father of the Lurianic School of Kabbalah , Isaac Luria ( known as the Ari HaKadosh , or the `` Holy Lion '' ) , was not yet 40 years old when he passed away .
 he   passed away  

 Each strand is individually insulated , and the strands are arranged so that at certain points in Coil , or throughout the whole winding , each portion occupies different relative positions in the complete conductor .
 the strands   are arranged  

 Yusuf has credited Cat Stevens then 21-year-old son Muhammad Islam , also a musician and artist , for Cat Stevens return to secular music , when the son brought a guitar back into the house , which Yusuf began playing .
 the house , which Yusuf began   playing  

 The Eighteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution , ratified on January 16 , 1920 , declared that `` the manufacture , sale , or transportation of intoxicating liquors within ... the United States ... for beverage purposes is hereby prohibited '' .
 the United States ... for beverage purposes   is hereby prohibited  

 Despite this , the German lyrics are often sung by choirs or ordinary people when Anthem of Europe is played : for example , at the 2004 enlargement on the German-Polish border , the crowd watching the ceremony playing the music sang along with the German lyrics .
 the crowd   watching  

 President George W. Bush made note of Oklahoma City bombing in a written statement , part of which echoed his remarks on the execution of Timothy McVeigh in 2001 : `` For the survivors of the crime and for the families of the dead the pain goes on '' .
 the pain   goes on  

 For some reason , after the shooting of Shepherd , John Brown (abolitionist) allowed the train to continue on its way .
 the train   to continue  

 Herodotus had expressed doubt concerning the existence of a river in Europe , Eridanos , which flowed into the northern sea , he said , from which amber came .
 amber   came  

 His acting in `` Jones '' was well received and `` Jones '' became the first film starring an African American .
 His acting in `` Jones   was well received  

 Arcadia 2001 came out at nearly the same time as the Atari 5200 and the ColecoVision were released .
 the Atari 5200 and the ColecoVision   were released  

 But evidence remains that some of the condemned men died agonizingly slowly taking from between 14 minutes to choke to death to as long as struggling for 28 minutes .
 some of the condemned men   died  

 The National Fisheries Institute , a trade advocacy group representing the United States seafood industry , disagree .
 The National Fisheries Institute   disagree  

 Crochet is a device used in conjunction with a crochet hook to produce stitches .
 a device   used  

 Earl Warren did compromise by agreeing to Frankfurter 's demand that the Court go slowly in implementing desegregation ; Earl Warren used Frankfurter 's suggestion that a 1955 decision ( Brown II ) include the phrase `` all deliberate speed '' .
 the Court   go slowly  

 With the financial security the sales of the book provided , Jerome was able to dedicate all of Jerome K. Jerome time to writing .
 the book   provided  

 However , the Constitution states that if there is any conflict between the Maltese and the English texts of any law , the Maltese text shall prevail .
 the Maltese text   shall prevail  

 While retirement and travel were good for the elder Austens , Jane Austen was shocked to be told Jane Austen was moving from the only home Jane Austen had ever known .
 Jane Austen   was shocked  

 Using Beetle means that all cartilage is removed along with the flesh , leaving the bones spotless .
 all cartilage   is removed  

 Then Lausanne came under Bern from 1536 to 1798 and a number of Lausanne cultural treasures , including the hanging tapestries in the Cathedral , were permanently removed .
 a number of Lausanne cultural treasures , including the hanging tapestries in the Cathedral   were permanently removed  

 Uncle Tom's Cabin was so widely read that Sigmund Freud reported a number of patients with sado-masochistic tendencies who he believed had been influenced by reading about the whipping of slaves in Uncle Tom 's Cabin .
 Uncle Tom's Cabin   widely read  

 When Mahavira revived and reorganized the Jain movement in the 6th or 5th century BCE , ahimsa was already an established , strictly observed rule .
 Mahavira   revived  

 In addition , a sculptural group , similar to the Prado Roman group illustrated , was believed until at least the 19th century to be by Michelangelo .
 the Prado Roman group   illustrated  

 However , in his biography of Muḥammad ( 1934 ) , Tor Andræ always used the term Allah , though he allows that this `` conception of God '' seems to imply that Allah is different from that of the Jewish and Christian theologies .
 this `` conception of God   seems  

 In 2009 , the Ajeya Bharat Party president , Ambati Krishnamurthy , filed a complaint against another party for using a flag similar to Natural Law Party own .
 a flag similar to Natural Law Party   own  

 Intriguing little pieces of the real 1959 turn up : a magazine article on Marilyn Monroe , a telephone book with non-operational exchanges listed and radios hidden away in someone else 's house .
 non-operational exchanges   listed  

 If a band of allowable energies is completely filled by electrons , Semiconductor can not carry any electrical current , because that would require the electron 's energy to be increased .
 the electron 's energy   to be increased  

 Expert system was the first tool showing the AI defined by Edward Feigenbaum in his book about the Japanese Fifth Generation Project , Artificial Intelligence and Japan 's Computer Challenge to the World ( 1983 ) : `` The machines will have reasoning power : they will automatically engineer vast amounts of knowledge to serve whatever purpose humans propose , from medical diagnosis to product design , from management decisions to education '' , `` The reasoning animal has , perhaps inevitably , fashioned the reasoning machine '' , `` the reasoning power of these machines matches or exceeds the reasoning power of the humans who instructed them and , in some cases , the reasoning power of any human performing such tasks '' .
 humans   propose  

 In describing Jorge Luis Borges , Jorge Luis Borges said , `` Jorge Luis Borges am not sure that Jorge Luis Borges exist , actually .
 Jorge Luis Borges   exist  

 In commemoration , for the duration of Passover no leavened bread is eaten , for which reason Passover is called `` The Festival of the Unleavened Bread '' .
 the duration of Passover   is eaten  

 The Latin inscription on their tomb , `` Regno consortes & urna , hic obdormimus Elizabetha et Maria sorores , in spe resurrectionis '' , translates to `` Consorts in realm and tomb , here we sleep , Elizabeth I of England and Mary , sisters , in hope of resurrection '' .
 Regno   consortes  

 This event affected the operations of the German fleet , whose commanders were ordered ( the `` Laconia Order '' ) by Admiral Karl Dönitz to stop trying to rescue civilian survivors , ushering in the subsequent unrestricted submarine warfare for the German Navy ( Admiral Nimitz testified at Admiral Dönitz 's trial that the US had practiced unrestricted warfare from day one ) .
 the German fleet   were ordered  

 The Colorado Avalanche logo is composed by a burgundy letter A with snow wrapped around , similar to an avalanche , in the shape of the letter C .
 A with snow   wrapped around  

 As the 18th century progressed , the extensive literature in Latin being produced at the beginning slowly contracted .
 the 18th century   progressed  

 Figures of Earth tells the story of Manuel the swineherd , a scoundrel who rises to conquer a realm by playing on others ' expectations -- James Branch Cabell motto Mundus Vult Decipi , meaning `` the world wishes to be deceived '' .
 the world   to be deceived  

 For example , the English language contains 26 letters that are grouped to form words using a set of rules .
 26 letters   are grouped  

 Similarly , Clark notes that Dr. Michael D. Swords has speculated that the Barker/Bender Men in Black case ( occurring shortly after the CIA-directed Robertson Panel issued Men in Black recommendations to spy on civilian UFO groups ) might have been a psychological warfare experiment .
 Dr. Michael D. Swords   has speculated  

 In Facts and Fallacies about Software Engineering , Robert Glass refers to the law as a `` mantra '' of the open source movement , but calls Linus' Law a fallacy due to the lack of supporting evidence and because research has indicated that the rate at which additional bugs are uncovered does not scale linearly with the number of reviewers ; rather , there is a small maximum number of useful reviewers , between two and four , and additional reviewers above this number uncover bugs at a much lower rate .
 the rate at which additional bugs are uncovered   does not scale linearly  

 Around the same time , in 1971 , that Beijing succeeded in gaining China 's seat in the UN ( thus ousting the Republic of China on Taiwan ) , relations with the United States began to thaw .
 relations with the United States   to thaw  

 The second lunar landing was an exercise in precision targeting , using a Doppler effect radar technique developed to allow the pinpoint landings needed for future Apollo missions .
 a Doppler effect radar technique   developed  

 John Bardeen was honored on a March 6 , 2008 , United States postage stamp as part of the `` American Scientists '' series designed by artist Victor Stabin .
 John Bardeen   was honored  

 The DNA is `` unzipped '' ( disruption of hydrogen bonds between different single strands ) by the enzyme helicase , leaving the single nucleotide chain open to be copied .
 the single nucleotide chain   to be copied  

 The metal needs to travel only a very short distance , so the critical mass is be assembled in much less time than Manhattan Project would take with the gun method .
 Manhattan Project   would take  

 Pump contains fluid within a flexible tube fitted inside a circular pump casing ( though linear peristaltic pumps have been made ) .
 linear peristaltic pumps   have been made  

 In 1965 Joni Mitchell moved to the United States and , touring constantly , began to be recognized when Joni Mitchell original songs ( `` Urge for Going , '' `` Chelsea Morning , '' `` Both Sides , Now , '' `` The Circle Game '' ) were covered by notable folk singers , allowing Joni Mitchell to sign with Reprise Records and record Joni Mitchell own debut album in 1968 .
 touring constantly   Joni Mitchell  

 The judge asked Lindh to say , in John Walker Lindh own words , what John Walker Lindh was admitting to .
 Lindh   to say  

 Proto-oncogenes are believed to turn into oncogenes when exposed to particular carcinogens .
 Proto-oncogenes   are believed  

 After the plan is finalized , activity in different bioregions may become limited based on particular threats an activity may pose .
 the plan   is finalized  

 ( The much more distant Oort cloud is hypothesized to be the main reservoir of dormant comets .
 The much more distant Oort cloud   is hypothesized  

 In the eventual Standard Model of particle physics codified in the 1970s , all mesons other than Muon were finally understood to be hadrons -- that is , particles made of quarks -- and thus subject to the nuclear force .
 that   is  

 The constellation Capricornus is traditionally depicted as a sea-goat , a goat with a fish 's tail ( see `` Goatlike '' Aigaion called Briareos , one of the Hecatonchires ) .
 The constellation Capricornus is traditionally depicted as a sea-goat , a goat with a fish 's tail   see  

 If the game is a draw , the two players are assumed to have performed at nearly the same level .
 the two players   are assumed  

 Robot Interaction Language ( ROILA ) is a constructed language created to address the problems associated with speech interaction using natural languages .
 a constructed language   created  

 In RNA , the complement of adenine ( A ) is uracil ( U ) instead of thymine ( T ) , so the pairs that form are adenine : uracil and guanine : cytosine .
 the pairs   form  

 The reports that Stumme had received that morning showed the attacks had been on a broad front but that such penetration as had occurred should be containable by local units .
 such penetration   had occurred  

 A partial function is said to be injective or surjective when the total function given by the restriction of the partial function to Partial function domain of definition is .
 is   the total function given by the restriction of the partial function to Partial function domain of definition  

 Varied conclusions have been drawn , some of these have led to Cuba being described as a dictatorship , a totalitarian state , a grassroots democracy , a centralized democracy or a revolutionary democracy .
 Varied conclusions   have been drawn  

 The policy of Serbianization in the 1920s and 1930s clashed with pro-Bulgarian sentiment stirred by Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization ( IMRO ) detachments infiltrating from Bulgaria , whereas local communists favoured the path of self-determination .
 Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization ( IMRO ) detachments   infiltrating  

 Suddenly , Oedipus arrived from Corinth with the news that King Polybus had died .
 King Polybus   had died  

 The women of Amphissa formed a protective ring around them and when Maenad awoke arranged for them to return home unmolested .
 Maenad   awoke arranged  

 A medal ceremony is held after each Olympic event is concluded .
 each Olympic event   is concluded  

 If all masses were doubled in value you can not tell , because all the pure numbers defined by the ratios of any pair of masses are unchanged .
 all masses   were doubled  

 The term equinox can also be used in a broader sense , meaning the date when such a passage happens .
 such a passage   happens  

 Also , those looking forward to seeing Roberts and Pitt paired up may end up disappointed , as The Mexican are kept apart for most of the movie '' .
 those   paired up  

 The first batch of the weapon is expected to be delivered by year 2008 .
 The first batch of the weapon   is expected  

 Among several universities in Slovenia , the best ranked is the University of Ljubljana , ranking among the first 500 or the first 3 % of the world 's best universities according to the ARWU .
 Slovenia   best ranked  

 This provoked the Second Civil War ( 1648 -- 49 ) and a second defeat for Charles I of England , who was subsequently captured , tried , convicted , and executed for high treason .
 Charles I of England   tried  

 Despite Savate roots , savate is a relatively safe sport to learn .
 a relatively safe sport   to learn  

 New models of destroyers ( for instance the ) are often larger and more powerful than cruiser classes Cruiser replace .
 Cruiser   replace  

 A reliable pyrotechnic initiator , often based on thermite ( for ordinary napalm ) or white phosphorus ( for newer compositions ) , has been used .
 A reliable pyrotechnic initiator , often based on thermite ( for ordinary napalm ) or white phosphorus ( for newer compositions   has been used  

 These include Engineering Notes list Tempest as a game that was between 15 -- 20 % completed for Atari 7800 ; no code to date has been found .
 no code to date   has been found  

 Sugar is crystalline products separated according to the size of the grains .
 crystalline products   separated  

 The third voice , a girl who is pregnant and leaves her baby , mentions `` the great swan , with Leda and the Swan terrible look , / Coming at me , '' insinuating that the girl was raped .
 the girl   was raped  

 This older but lesser Theoderic seems to have been the chief , not the king , of that branch of Ostrogoths that had settled within the Empire earlier .
 This older but lesser Theoderic   seems  

 In Julia Kristeva essay `` Motherhood According to Giovanni '' from Desire in Language ( 1980 ) , Kristeva refers to the chora as a `` non-expressive totality formed by drives and their stases in a motility that is full of movement as it is regulated '' .
 it   is regulated  

 Even before Fort Sumter , U.S. Secretary of State William H. Seward issued formal instructions to the American minister to the United Kingdom : Make `` no expressions of harshness or disrespect , or even impatience concerning the seceding States , their agents , or their people , those States must always continue to be , equal and honored members of this Federal Union , their citizens still are and always must be our kindred and countrymen '' .
 those States   to be  

 Eric Clapton co-authored with others the book Discovering Robert Johnson , in which Eric Clapton said Johnson was '' ... the most important blues musician who ever lived .
 Johnson   was  

 Some say Lead Belly fellow inmates dubbed Lead Belly `` Lead Belly '' as a play on Lead Belly last name and reference to Lead Belly physical toughness ; it is recounted that during Lead Belly second prison term , another inmate stabbed Lead Belly in the neck ( leaving Lead Belly with a fearsome scar that Lead Belly subsequently covered with a bandana ) , in defense Ledbetter nearly killed Lead Belly attacker with Lead Belly own knife .
 it   is recounted  

 The new East German state-owned retail business H.O. ( Handelsorganisation , meaning Trading Organisation ) , had seized almost all of Wertheim 's former assets in the newly created German Democratic Republic but , unable to start up the giant Leipziger Platz store again ( Potsdamer Platz was too badly damaged ) , Potsdamer Platz opened a new Kaufhaus ( department store ) on the ground floor of Columbushaus .
 Potsdamer Platz   opened  

 A central Registration authority registers the assigned namespace identifiers allocated .
 the assigned namespace identifiers   allocated  

 There is a freely available MIPS32 simulator ( earlier versions simulated only the R2000/R3000 ) called SPIM for use in education .
 earlier versions   simulated only  

 Resource conservation programs established during the war were continued in some countries without an abundance of natural resources , such as Japan , after the war ended .
 the war   ended  

 Several pairs of paintings exist in which Pierre-Auguste Renoir and Monet , working side-by-side , depicted the same scenes ( La Grenouillère , 1869 ) .
 Several pairs of paintings   exist  

 Milton Friedman believed that if the money supply was to be centrally controlled ( as by the Federal Reserve ) that the preferable way to do it would be with a mechanical system that would keep the quantity of money increasing at a steady rate .
 the money supply   to be centrally controlled  

 In Oklahoma territory in 1906 , cowboy Curly McLain looks forward to the beautiful day ahead as he wanders into farm girl Laurey Williams 's yard ( `` Oh , What a Beautiful Mornin ' '' ) .
 he   wanders  

 Children of smoking parents are more likely to smoke than children with non-smoking parents .
 Children of smoking parents   to smoke  

 What I did n't want to do is the quodlibet method ... would n't A Little Night Music be nice to have three songs you do n't think are going to go together , and A Little Night Music do go together ... The trick was the little vamp on `` Soon '' which has five-and six-note chords '' .
 A Little Night Music   do go together  

 The original Motorola 68000 was fabricated using an HMOS process with a 3.5-micron feature size .
 The original Motorola 68000   was fabricated  

 John Lynch (New Hampshire) issued the following statement after the announcement of the award in 2009 : John Lynch (New Hampshire) adamantly supports the Death Penalty , stating `` there are crimes so heinous that the death penalty is warranted '' .
 the death penalty   is warranted  

 Life magazine ran a three-page article titled , `` Lead Belly - Bad Nigger Makes Good Minstrel , '' in its April 19 , 1937 issue .
 a three-page article   titled  

 A period known as the `` Years of Lead '' ( Slovene : svinčena leta ) followed .
 A period known as the `` Years of Lead '' ( Slovene : svinčena leta )   followed  

 A single example of a Classical romance has survived , Old English literature is a fragment of the story of Apollonius of Tyre , from the 11th century .
 A single example of a Classical romance   has survived  

 Once the scribe has it the way that he wants , the next stage was tacking the quire .
 he   wants  

 3rd Military Region appears to be at Kati .
 3rd Military Region   appears  

 According to Muslim tradition , Pythagoras was said to have been initiated by Hermes ( Egyptian Thoth ) .
 Pythagoras   was said  

 Roland Barthes comments that `` Julia Kristeva changes the place of things : Julia Kristeva always destroys the last prejudice , the one you thought you could be reassured by , could be take pride in ; what Julia Kristeva displaces is the already-said , the déja-dit , i.e. , the instance of the signified , i.e. , stupidity ; what Julia Kristeva subverts is authority - the authority of monologic science , of filiation '' .
 Julia Kristeva   displaces  

 Many of the people involved came from London Borough of Croydon , which was the original hub of the system .
 the people   involved  

 In the Buffy the Vampire Slayer novel , Maenad are depicted as corrupted human beings in service of the ancient and powerful Greek vampire Kakistos , whose name means in Greek `` the worst '' , the natural superlative of kakos meaning `` bad '' .
 the worst '' , the natural superlative of kakos   meaning  

 If life has had a comparable impact elsewhere in the solar system , the relative abundances of chemicals key for Astrobiology survival - whatever Astrobiology may be - could betray Astrobiology presence .
 Astrobiology   may be  

 Before that , writes B. Winkles , `` It is well known that Remigius appropriated the parish church of St Mary Magdalene in Lincoln , although it is not known what use he made of it '' .
 it   is not known  

 It is consistent with Dworkin 's view -- in contrast with the views of legal positivists or legal realists -- that no-one in a society may know what Jurisprudence laws are , because no-one may know the best justification for Jurisprudence practices .
 Jurisprudence laws   are  

 Here John Wycliffe introduced those ideas by which the good parliament was governed -- which involved the renunciation by the Church of temporal dominion .
 the good parliament   was governed  

 Separate from polyamory as a philosophical basis for relationship , are the practical ways in which people who live polyamorously arrange Polyamory lives and handle certain issues , as compared to those of a generally more socially acceptable monogamous arrangement .
 people   live polyamorously  

 Sophie Germain used the name of a former student Monsieur Antoine-August Le Blanc , `` fearing , '' as Sophie Germain later explained to Gauss , `` the ridicule attached to a female scientist '' .
 the ridicule   attached  

 However , because Government House has not been a residence for fifteen years , O'Farrell also announced that Marie Bashir would initially move into a smaller adjacent building , called the chalet , while refurbishments of the main wing occur , with a proposed move into the main house `` before Christmas '' .
 refurbishments of the main wing   occur  

 None of these parties are allowed to present any candidate to any elected position .
 None of these parties   are allowed  

 John Milton used Opiuchus as the vehicle for an epic simile in Book 2 of Paradise Lost , comparing Satan to a comet burning across the length of Opiuchus ( lines 706-10 ) : ` on th ' other side / Incensed with indignation Satan stood / Unterrified , and like a comet burned / That fires the length of Opiuchus huge / In th ' arctic sky ' .
 a comet   burned  

 In November 2006 , Cat Stevens told the BBC , `` It 's Cat Stevens , so it 's going to sound like that of course ... This is the real thing ... When Cat Stevens son brought the guitar back into the house , you know , that was the turning point .
 you   know  

 The expected time for the neutral allele to be lost through genetic drift can be calculated as When a mutation appears only once in a population large enough for the initial frequency to be negligible , the formulas can be simplified to for average number of generations expected before fixation of a neutral mutation , and for the average number of generations expected before the loss of a neutral mutation .
 the neutral allele   to be lost  

 Additionally , noradrenergic CNS hyperactivity may play a role as CNS norepinephrine concentrations are increased in Serotonin syndrome and levels appear to correlate with the clinical outcome .
 CNS norepinephrine concentrations   are increased  

 Around this time , David Lynch met the television producer Mark Frost , who had formerly worked on such projects as the television police series Hill Street Blues , and they decided to start working together on a biopic of singer and actress Marilyn Monroe based upon Anthony Summers 's book , The Goddess : The Secret Lives of Marilyn Monroe .
 The Secret   Lives  

 As Chrono Cross too seek the Frozen Flame , the plot unfolds amidst several other characters .
 the plot   unfolds  

 Once the front-end process has been completed , the semiconductor devices are subjected to a variety of electrical tests to determine if Semiconductor device fabrication function properly .
 the front-end process   has been completed  

 Until the late nineteenth century , sugar was purchased in loaves , which had to be cut using implements called ` nips ' , while in later years bags of sugar became more common .
 loaves   to be cut  

 As the story goes , a Union soldier hit a ball over the outfielder 's head , leading him into a long chase for the ball which resulted in a bullet wound from a nearby sniper .
 the story   goes  

 A light breakfast might consist of breakfast cereal , muesli , boiled or scrambled eggs , toast and conserves or sometimes poached kippers .
 muesli   boiled  

 Apart from the lost Handboc or Encheiridion , which seems to have been a commonplace book kept by the king , the earliest work to be translated was the Dialogues of Gregory the Great , a book greatly popular in the Middle Ages .
 the earliest work   to be translated  

 The poster , which was displayed all over Poland , shows Cooper armed with a folded ballot saying `` Wybory '' ( i.e. elections ) in his right hand while the Solidarity logo is pinned to his vest above the sheriff 's badge .
 the Solidarity logo   is pinned  

 In Ninon de l'Enclos early thirties Ninon de l'Enclos was responsible for encouraging the young Molière , and when Ninon de l'Enclos died Ninon de l'Enclos left money for the son of Ninon de l'Enclos accountant , a nine-year old named François Marie Arouet , later to become known as Voltaire , so he could buy books .
 died   Ninon de l'Enclos  

 A DE-9 connector also fits onto a card with a second DB-25 connector that was similarly changed from the original Centronics-style connector .
 A DE-9 connector   fits  

 Natural mummification of other animal species also occurs ; this is most common in species from shallow saline water environments , especially those with a body structure which is particularly favourable to this process , such as seahorses and starfish .
 Natural mummification of other animal species   also occurs  

 The remaining six are exegetically derived from the sentence `` And the Lord God commanded the man saying , of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat '' .
 the man saying , of every tree of the garden thou   mayest freely eat  

 Hyde threatens the Resistance to surrender by holding a knife to Lois ' neck .
 the Resistance   to surrender  

 In 1891 , Max Wolf pioneered the use of astrophotography to detect Asteroid , which appeared as short streaks on long-exposure photographic plates .
 Asteroid   appeared  

 The encyclopedia states that '' ... Sleipnir is born with an extra set of legs , thus representing an original pair of horses .
 Sleipnir   is born  

 In the USA this information is specified the U.S. Standard Atmosphere which is identical to the `` International Standard Atmosphere '' at all altitudes up to 65,000 feet above sea level .
 the `` International Standard Atmosphere   altitudes  

 Hosts specify how many days and how many guests can stay along with a short comment with other restrictions or interests ( no smokers , bring a tent , young people especially welcome , etc. ) .
 young people   especially welcome  

 Informally , a sequence converges if Sequence has a limit .
 a sequence   converges  

 When the temperature begins to drop again , however , Red-eared slider will quickly return to a brumation state .
 the temperature   begins  

 It was due to the astute politics of Sir Milton Margai that the educated Protectorate elite was won over to join forces with the paramount chiefs in the face of Krio intransigence .
 the educated Protectorate elite   was won over  

 Paul Levinson 's 1999 book Digital McLuhan explores the ways that Marshall McLuhan work can be better understood through the lens of the digital revolution .
 Marshall McLuhan work   can be better understood  

 At one teaspoon of sugar per ounce , cranberry juice cocktail is more highly sweetened than even soda drinks that have been linked to obesity .
 even soda drinks   have been linked  

 The field lines around the plasma current combine with the toroidal field to produce helical field lines , which wrap around the torus in both directions .
 helical field lines   wrap  

 Originally published in French as `` Une abominable feuille d'érable sur la glace '' ( `` An abominable maple leaf on the ice '' ) Toronto Maple Leafs referred to the Leafs sweater his mother forced a boy to wear .
 a boy   to wear  

 The disagreement was resolved by appointing another compromise candidate to serve as titular premier , Narcisse-Fortunat Belleau .
 The disagreement   was resolved  

 An important set of problems in computational complexity involves finding assignments to the variables of a boolean formula expressed in Conjunctive normal form , such that the formula is true .
 a boolean formula   expressed  

 Macdonald resigned , and the Governor General , Sir Edmund Walker Head , invited opposition leader George Brown to form a government .
 Macdonald   resigned  

 This is caused by the loss of snow at the fence that would have been deposited and the pickup of the snow that is already there by the wind , which was depleted of snow at the fence .
 the fence   would have been deposited  

 On August 8 , 1587 John White (colonist and artist) led a dawn attack on the Dasamongueponkes that went disastrously wrong .
 a dawn attack on the Dasamongueponkes   went disastrously wrong  

 The APG III system ( 2009 ) differs only in that the Limnocharitaceae are combined with the Alismataceae ; it was also suggested that the genus Maundia ( of the Juncaginaceae ) could be separated into a monogeneric family , Maundiaceae , but the authors noted that more study was necessary before Maundiaceae could be recognized .
 Maundiaceae   could be recognized  

 Therefore , a crucial differentiation has to be made between the history of the East Slavic dialects and that of the literary languages employed by the Eastern Slavs .
 a crucial differentiation   to be made  

 Upon arrival , the Spanish were denied entrance to the village they came across , and once again resorted to using force to enter .
 the village   came across  

 However , no system of experience points exists ; after four or five upgrades , statistics remain static until players defeat a boss .
 no system of experience points   exists  

 Fronto called on Marcus Aurelius alone ; neither thought to invite Lucius .
 Fronto   called  

 This definition , unlike the definition of randomness for a finite string , is not affected by which universal machine is used to define prefix-free Kolmogorov complexity complexity .
 This definition   is not affected  

 With a mission to make BBC Two 's output diverse and different from that offered by other networks , David Attenborough began to establish a portfolio of programmes that defined the channel 's identity for decades to come .
 decades   to come  

 Also critical of the policies as actually promoted by the International Monetary Fund have been some U.S. economists , such as Joseph Stiglitz and Dani Rodrik , who have challenged what are sometimes described as the `` fundamentalist '' policies of the International Monetary Fund and the US Treasury for what Stiglitz calls a `` one size fits all '' treatment of individual economies .
 some U.S. economists , such as Joseph Stiglitz and Dani Rodrik   have challenged  

 Galileo considered it `` probable that this method is the same that Archimedes followed , since , besides being very accurate , it is based on demonstrations found by Archimedes Archimedes '' .
 the same   followed  

 For instance , virtual serial ports can share data between several applications from one GPS device connected to Serial port .
 one GPS device   connected  

 Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky felt Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky own style of orchestral writing `` too highly peppered , '' in Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky words , for Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky pupils to emulate .
 Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky pupils   to emulate  

 Working with a different emphasis , some researchers and institutions have pointed out that a fourth dimension should be added to the dimensions of sustainable development , since the triple-bottom-line dimensions of economic , environmental and social do not seem to be enough to reflect the complexity of contemporary society .
 the triple-bottom-line dimensions of   do not seem  

 Pillow lava are commonly of basaltic composition , although pillows formed of komatiite , picrite , boninite , basaltic andesite , andesite or even dacite are known .
 pillows   formed  

 John Lennon , ( born John Lennon ; 9 October 1940 -- 8 December 1980 ) was an English musician , singer and songwriter who rose to worldwide fame as a founder member of the Beatles , one of the most commercially successful and critically acclaimed acts in the history of popular music .
 born   John Lennon  

 The name Nostratic languages derives from the Latin word nostrās , meaning ` our fellow-countryman ' ( plural : nostrates ) and has been defined , since Pedersen , as consisting of those language families that are related to Indo-European .
 The name   has been defined  

 The influence of the psychologically realistic principles propounded by Schumann proved stronger and more fruitful than the results he Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky achieved ... This was achieved by Tchaikovsky who became not only the `` regisseur stage director of human emotion '' as expressed through opera and plays but a dramatic symphonist and thinker .
 The influence of the psychologically realistic principles   proved stronger  

 A few changes were made to the first released specification ( object-oriented programming features were added , the ` FOR ' loop was reinstated , for instance ) ; the result was Oberon-2 , currently the most common implementation .
 object-oriented programming features   were added  

 Eigruber was determined to carry out what Ernst Kaltenbrunner was determined was Hitler 's true desire -- to prevent the collection from falling into the hands of `` Bolsheviks and Jews '' by destroying it with explosives set off in the mine .
 Eigruber   to carry out  

 Joplin 's visit to Temple , Texas enabled Scott Joplin to have three pieces published there in 1896 , including the Great Crush Collision March which commemorated a planned train crash on the Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad on September 15 which Scott Joplin may have witnessed .
 Scott Joplin   may have witnessed  

 A study done with US college students found that those who reported religion to be very influential in their lives seem to have a higher rate of prejudice than those who reported not being religious .
 those who reported religion   seem  

 Esotericism is the metaphysical point of unity where exoteric religions are believed to converge .
 exoteric religions   to converge  

 The saxhorns form a family of seven instruments ( although at one point ten different sizes seem to have existed ) .
 at one point ten different sizes   to have existed  

 Stalin arrived well before the scheduled time , followed by Roosevelt who was wheeled in , in his wheelchair from his accommodation adjacent to the venue .
 Roosevelt   was wheeled  

 Some of these included rule induction tools which Expert system called ` generators ' , which theoretically allowed the production of rules by no experts based on raw data .
 no experts   based  

 In astrophysics and the celestial mechanics field of physics , Alhazen , in Alhazen Epitome of Astronomy , argued that Ptolemaic models needed to be understood in terms of physical objects rather than abstract hypotheses ; in other words that it should be possible to create physical models where ( for example ) none of the celestial bodies would collide with each other .
 Ptolemaic models   to be understood  

 The bitter divisions within the Cabinet continued , with John Diefenbaker deliberating whether to call an election on the issue of American interference in Canadian politics .
 The bitter divisions within the Cabinet   continued  

 And thus we come up with the value of 1 DU , which is 2.69 × 1020 molecules per meter squared .
 we   come up  

 DikuMUD had a key influence on the early evolution of the MMORPG genre , with EverQuest ( created by avid DikuMUD player Brad McQuaid ) displaying such Diku-like gameplay that Verant developers were made to issue a sworn statement that no actual DikuMUD code was incorporated .
 no actual DikuMUD code   was incorporated  

 Perhaps the best known was the planet of The Man Who Counts ; Anderson adjusted its size and composition so that humans could live in the open air but flying intelligent aliens could evolve , and Poul Anderson explored consequences of these adjustments .
 humans   could evolve  

 Overhead imagery ( see coordinates given above ) of the Gila River and Jordan Lake sites suggests that the original design called for antennas of twice the present length with , presumably , greater radiated power .
 the original design   called  

 Martin was shocked that Epstein had sacked Best : `` Pete Best seemed to be the most saleable commodity as far as looks went .
 looks   went  

 In March 1921 , Musa Khazem El Husseini , Mayor of Jerusalem , told Winston Churchill `` The Jews have been amongst the most active advocates of destruction in many lands ... It is well known that the disintegration of Russia was wholly or in great part brought about by the Jews , and a large proportion of the defeat of Germany and Austria must also be put at their door '' .
 the disintegration of Russia   was  

 That would mean , however , that primary fear Urangst corresponds to a fear of separation from the whole vom All , therefore a fear of individuation , on account of which Otto Rank would like to call it fear of life , although it may appear later as fear of the loss of this dearly bought individuality as fear of death , of being dissolved again into the whole ins All .
 That   would mean  

 Robert Lenkiewicz came to the conclusion that the kinds of sensations people felt when a lover abandoned them or when their cherished beliefs were threatened were identical in kind to the ` withdrawal symptoms ' and anxieties experienced by addicts or alcoholics over their preferred narcotic .
 their cherished beliefs   were threatened  

 Klaatu enters and adds a key mathematical equation to an advanced problem on the professor 's blackboard , and then leaves his contact information with the suspicious housekeeper who attempts to rub out the equation with an eraser although is told not to by Klaatu .
 Klaatu   enters  

 Robert Graves interpreted the association with war as a relationship with the pre-Olympian war goddess , Athene , who was an orgiastic bride in many local sacred marriages to kings who may have been sacrificed .
 kings   may have been sacrificed  

 Java (programming language) does not support C/C + + style pointer arithmetic , where object addresses and unsigned integers ( usually long integers ) can be used interchangeably .
 object addresses and unsigned integers   can be used interchangeably  

 The etymology of the Latin word is uncertain , with some sources citing Latin suffragari `` lend support , vote for someone '' , from sub `` under '' + fragor `` crash , din , shouts ( as of approval ) '' , related to frangere `` to break '' ( related to fraction ) .
 some sources   citing  

 Clarke , who initially saw Owen as an archetypal cockney who could not play as solid a northern character as Compo was meant to be , recognised Owen 's potential only after going to London for a read-through with him .
 Compo   was meant  

 As well as being the scientific name , iris is also very widely used as a common name for all Iris species , though some plants called thus belong to other closely related genera .
 some plants   called  

 Kubrick later commented that the idea of having Sellers in so many of the film 's key roles was that `` everywhere you turn there is some version of Peter Sellers holding the fate of the world in Peter Sellers hands '' .
 you   turn  

 The convention used is that the cents written refer to the tempered pitch implied by the flat , natural , or sharp sign and the note name .
 The convention   used  

 Postmodernist music , on the other hand , shares characteristics with postmodernist art -- that is , art that comes after and reacts against modernism ( see Modernism in Music ) .
 that is , art   comes  

 Instead , the rooms that the walls housed were made to be locked from the inside .
 the rooms that the walls housed   were made  

 The size goal required n-channel `` depletion-mode '' MOS transistors , a more advanced process than MOS Technology 's calculator chips used .
 MOS Technology 's calculator chips   used  

 More to the point is Conrad 's remark in A Personal Record that English was `` the speech of Joseph Conrad secret choice , of Joseph Conrad future , of long friendships , of the deepest affections , of hours of toil and hours of ease , and of solitary hours , too , of books read , of thoughts pursued , of remembered emotions -- of Joseph Conrad very dreams !
 the speech of Joseph Conrad secret choice , of Joseph Conrad future , of long friendships , of the deepest affections , of hours of toil and hours of ease , and of solitary hours   pursued  

 ( Kohn , Schools , 6,7 ) As the influence of Progressive education pedagogy grew broader and more diffuse , practitioners began to vary their application of progressive principles .
 practitioners   began  

 `` The female perineal urethra , which is located in front of the anterior vaginal wall , is about one centimeter in length and the G-Spot is located in the pelvic wall of the urethra , 2 -- 3 cm into the vagina , '' Puppo stated .
 Puppo   stated  

 Common habits include acicular , which described needlelike crystals like in natrolite , bladed , dendritic ( tree-pattern , common in native copper ) , equant , which is typical of garnet , prismatic ( elongated in one direction ) , and tabular , which differs from bladed habit in that the former is platy whereas the latter has a defined elongation .
 natrolite   bladed  

 Rommel , concerned that his army would be completely enveloped and destroyed if he once again halted to face the Eighth Army , had , with the agreement of Field Marshal Bastico , sent a request to the Italian Comando Supremo in Rome to withdraw all the way to Tunisia where the terrain would better suit a defensive action and where he could link with the Axis army forming there in response to the Operation Torch landings .
 his army   destroyed  

 Polybius was responsible for a useful tool in telegraphy that allowed letters to be easily signaled using a numerical system ( mentioned in Hist .
 letters   to be easily signaled  

 This support was important as Harrison is reputed to have found it difficult to communicate John Harrison ideas in a coherent manner .
 Harrison   is reputed  

 In 1999 the CIA , together with Pakistani military intelligence , had prepared a team of approximately 60 Pakistani commandos to infiltrate Afghanistan to capture or kill Osama bin Laden , but the plan was aborted by the 1999 Pakistani coup d'état ; in 2000 , foreign operatives working on behalf of the CIA had fired a rocket-propelled grenade at a convoy of vehicles in which Osama bin Laden was traveling through the mountains of Afghanistan , hitting one of the vehicles but not the one in which Osama bin Laden was in .
 a team of approximately 60 Pakistani commandos   to infiltrate Afghanistan to capture  

 During his first voyage in 1492 , instead of reaching Japan as he had intended , Columbus landed in the Bahamas archipelago , at a locale he named San Salvador .
 he   had intended  

 Louis Philippe is also thought to have met Isaac Snow of Orleans , Massachusetts , who had escaped to France from a British prison hulk during the American Revolution .
 Louis Philippe   is also thought  

 What Tunguska event found was that the crater was created by the violent impact of a celestial body .
 Tunguska event   found  

 The meeting decided that the off-field merger between the two clubs would proceed .
 the off-field merger between the two clubs   would proceed  

 If the main objective of a campaign was not the conquest of a particular city , Siege could simply be passed by .
 Siege   could simply be passed by  

 Properties of commonly used crystals Detectors used for wavelength dispersive spectrometry need to have high pulse processing speeds in order to cope with the very high photon count rates that can be obtained .
 the very high photon count rates   can be obtained  

 Other substances added include myrrh , cinnamon , and balsam gum .
 Other substances   added  

 However as late as 1852 , the canal carried thirteen times more freight tonnage than all the railroads in New York State combined ; Erie Canal continued to compete well with the railroads through 1902 , when tolls were abolished .
 tolls   were abolished  

 In addition , a tax on imported goods , to be levied by San Marino , was established .
 a tax on imported goods , to be levied by San Marino   was established  

 Alba expanded , absorbing the Brythonic kingdom of Strathclyde and Bernician Lothian , and by the 11th century the Pictish identity had been subsumed into the `` Scots '' amalgamation of peoples .
 Alba   expanded  

 Fully two in five people ( 44.2 % ) of the population claim no religion at all while among those that do , The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( Mormons ) make up the largest group at 36.8 % ( compared with some 66 % statewide ) , followed by Roman Catholics at 10.6 % .
 those   do  

 Such higher rating floors exist , starting at ratings of 1200 in 100 point increments up to 2100 ( 1200 , 1300 , 1400 , ... , 2100 ) .
 Such higher rating floors   exist  

 The number of Office actions and responses that may occur vary from country to country , but eventually a final rejection is sent by Patent , or the patent application is granted , which after the payment of additional fees , leads to an issued , enforceable patent .
 Office actions and responses   may occur  

 The Confederacy actively used the army to arrest people suspected of loyalty to the United States .
 people   suspected  

 Once some of the other Gegeines were killed , Jason Jason set sail .
 some of the other Gegeines   were killed  

 Another traditional Okinawan product that owes Okinawa Prefecture existence to Okinawa 's trading history is awamori -- an Okinawan distilled spirit made from indica rice imported from Thailand .
 Another traditional Okinawan product that owes Okinawa Prefecture existence to Okinawa 's trading history   is awamori  

 New Latin is today still the official language of the Church , and all Catholic priests of the Latin liturgical rites are required by canon law to have competency in the language , although most do not .
 most   do not  

 There were 15,893 households of which 28.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 53.1 % were married couples living together , 7.4 % had a female householder with no husband present , 2.9 % had a male householder with no wife present , and 36.6 % were non-families .
 married couples   living together  

 Compared to Lithuanian language , there were three additional cases , formed under the influence of the Finnic languages.The inessive has become the modern locative case , while the other three have disappeared .
 the other three   have disappeared  

 In `` Famine , Affluence , and Morality '' , one of Singer 's best-known philosophical essays , Peter Singer argues that some people living in abundance while others starve is morally indefensible .
 others   starve  

 Though this defensive loophole slightly narrows the types of cases which may be prosecuted for perjury , the effect of this statutory defense is to promote a truthful retelling of facts by witnesses , thus helping to ensure the reliability of American court proceedings just as broadened perjury statutes aimed to do .
 just as broadened perjury statutes   aimed  

 Most American and European gold jewellery is made of an alloy of gold , the purity of which is stated in karats , indicated by a number followed by the letter K.
 a number   followed  

 Both sides paused for desultory negotiations before the war recommenced ; John 's position was now stronger , thanks to confirmation that Count Baldwin of Flanders and Renaud of Boulogne had renewed the anti-French alliances they had previously agreed to with Richard .
 the war   recommenced  

 Beginning in February 2008 , the Boundary Committee again reviewed local government in Suffolk , with two possible options emerging .
 two possible options   emerging  

 It is known , however , that Newton wrote some of the hymns in direct response to events around him ; ` Oh for a closer walk with God ' for instance was written in response to the serious illness then being suffered by Cowper 's house companion , Mary Unwin , an illness she survived .
 she   survived  

 Once the round has ended , surviving players retain their equipment for use in the next round ; players who were killed begin the next round with the basic default starting equipment .
 the round   has ended  

 For example , cigarette sales in the United States of America have been shown to follow a strongly seasonal pattern , with the high months being the months of summer , and the low months being the winter months .
 cigarette sales in the United States of America   have been shown  

 There is a constant effort towards an increase in population which tends to subject the lower classes of society to distress and to prevent any great permanent amelioration of their condition ... The way in which these effects are produced seems to be this .
 The way in which these effects are produced   seems  

 Motorola 68000 was used in Microsoft Xenix systems as well as a prototype Netware Unix based Server ( after the MC6800 series was not found to be powerful enough and before the move to Intel 8X086 processors ) .
 the MC6800 series   was not found  

 On the manuscript Elgar wrote , quoting John Ruskin , `` This is the best of Edward Elgar ; for the rest , Edward Elgar ate , and drank , and slept , loved and hated , like another .
 Edward Elgar   loved  

 PATA is primarily restricted to devices installed internally , due to the short data cable specification .
 devices   installed internally  

 Although not part of Sign language , elements from the Manual alphabets ( fingerspelling ) may be used in signed communication , mostly for proper names and concepts for which no sign is available at that moment .
 the Manual alphabets   fingerspelling  

 The work reveals Edward Elgar continuing progress in writing sustained themes and orchestral lines , although some critics , including Kennedy , find that in the middle part `` Elgar 's inspiration burns at less than its brightest '' .
 some critics , including Kennedy   find  

 Oliver Cromwell appeal rejected , Cromwell 's veteran troops went on to invade Scotland .
 Oliver Cromwell appeal   rejected  

 Measurements of Parallax are used to deduce the height of the buildings , provided that flying height and baseline distances are known .
 flying height and baseline distances   are known  

 Chartres Cathedral was damaged in the French Revolution when a mob began to destroy the sculpture on the north porch .
 a mob   began  

 It sparked speculation that the execution was carried out incorrectly as Saddam Hussein had a gaping hole in Saddam Hussein neck .
 the execution   was carried out incorrectly  

 The next day , 1 July , the Congregation for Bishops issued a decree stating that this was a schismatic act and that all six people directly involved had thereby incurred automatic excommunication .
 all six people   directly involved  

 The title has been suggested was chosen to try and capture some of Castello 's success .
 The title   has been suggested  

 Since the London Agreement entered into force on May 1 , 2008 , this estimation is however no longer up-to-date , since fewer translations are required .
 fewer translations   are required  

 Nikephoros was a very devout man , and Nikephoros II Phokas helped Nikephoros II Phokas friend , the monk Athanasios , found the monastery of Great Lavra on Mount Athos .
 helped   Nikephoros II Phokas  

 Although a wide diversity of ideas currently exists among chiropractors , Chiropractic share the belief that the spine and health are related in a fundamental way , and that this relationship is mediated through the nervous system .
 the spine and health   are related  

 Thereafter relations between the nationalities deteriorated ( see Magyarization ) , culminating in the secession of Slovakia from Hungary after World War I .
 Thereafter relations between the nationalities   deteriorated  

 The start zone of Avalanche must be steep enough to allow snow to accelerate once set in motion , additionally convex slopes are less stable than concave slopes , because of the disparity between the tensile strength of snow layers and their compressive strength .
 snow   to accelerate  

 Orthodox Judaism does not recognize Reform weddings because , if Jewish views on marriage did , the children of a Reform woman who remarried would be considered mamzerim , the children of an adulterous relationship , a personal status that does not allow a person to marry a non-mamzer .
 a Reform woman   remarried  

 When the knights were renamed , the mantles were abandoned .
 the knights   were renamed  

 A bet by an opponent serves to protect the all-in player by reducing the number of opponents the all-in player must beat .
 the all-in player   must beat  

 When a system design includes a centrifugal pump , an important issue Pump Pump design is matching the head loss-flow characteristic with the pump so that Pump operates at or close to the point of Pump maximum efficiency .
 that Pump   operates  

 A supposed facsimile of this potsherd appeared in Haggard 's first edition , and the ancient inscription it bore , once translated , led the English characters to She 's ancient kingdom .
 it   bore  

 It was expected that the EU would announce in late 2006 the date for commencement of EU accession negotiations .
 It   was expected  

 Cable slots listed reflect the Comcast cable system in Lansing, Michigan .
 Cable slots   listed  

 A ` Home Return Permit ' is required for Chinese citizens domiciled in Hong Kong and Macau to enter and exit mainland China .
 Chinese citizens domiciled in Hong Kong and Macau   to enter  

 Most existing estuaries were formed during the Holocene epoch by the flooding of river-eroded or glacially scoured valleys when the sea level began to rise about 10,000-12 ,000 years ago .
 the sea level   began  

 On this point Augustine departs from the earlier teaching of Cyprian , who taught that converts from schismatic movements must be re-baptised .
 converts from schismatic movements   must be re-baptised  

 Neurotransmitter happens that for some neurotransmitters ( for example , glutamate ) , the most important receptors all have excitatory effects : that is , Neurotransmitter increase the probability that the target cell will fire an action potential .
 Neurotransmitter   happens  

 The subjects chosen were 22 male rats .
 The subjects   chosen  

 In 1975 , Euronat , the largest holiday centre ( 335ha ) opened 10 km north of Montalivet which was running at capacity .
 10 km north of Montalivet   was running  

 Brutus happened to be a politically motivated participant .
 Brutus   happened  

 Although the sources differ , some say that in 1976 Nastassja Kinski began a romantic relationship with Roman Polanski .
 the sources   differ  

 Because some users of the Python programming language found the use of regular expressions limiting , an extension to Python has been introduced , which makes SNOBOL possible to use SNOBOL pattern matching in Python programs .
 regular expressions   limiting  

 Alhazen also wrote a Treatise on the Influence of Melodies on the Souls of Animals , although no copies have survived .
 no copies   have survived  

 The American impressionist Mary Cassatt , who at one point lived in Paris to study art , and joined Camille Pissarro Impressionist group , noted that Camille Pissarro was `` such a teacher that Camille Pissarro could have taught the stones to draw correctly '' .
 the stones   to draw correctly  

 Originally , the Hall of Fame was not going to become involved in the issue , but was forced to act when dozens of inductees , including Bobby Orr , Ted Lindsay and Brad Park , campaigned for Eagleson 's expulsion , even threatening to renounce their membership if he was not removed .
 he   was not removed  

 Schuller said Hamlisch `` got the Oscar for music Scott Joplin did n't write ( since it is by Joplin ) and arrangements Scott Joplin did n't write , and ` editions ' Scott Joplin did n't make .
 Scott Joplin   did n't make  

 The Bean asked what the Bella Mae Jobson affair was , and the Crumpet , expressing surprise that he had not heard of Drones Club , said that Drones Club was the affair of Bella Mae Jobson .
 the Bella Mae Jobson affair   was  

 The process to select SHA-3 was similar to the one held in choosing the AES , which concluded in 2001 .
 The process   to select  

 Interplanetary transfer of material is well documented , as evidenced by meteorites of Martian origin found on Earth .
 Interplanetary transfer of material   is well documented  

 Whole grains and whole-grain products such as brown rice and buckwheat pasta ( soba ) , a variety of cooked and raw vegetables , beans and bean products , mild natural seasonings , fish , nuts and seeds , mild ( non-stimulating ) beverages such as bancha twig tea and fruit are recommended .
 mild ( non-stimulating ) beverages such as bancha twig tea and fruit   are recommended  

 Is this image a mirror , in which case the King and Queen are standing where the spectator stands ?
 the spectator   stands  

 Also , Don Mattingly , one of the New York Yankees baseball players is seen hitting a home run .
 Don Mattingly   is seen  

 The radical French government of 1793 and 1794 toppled the old regime and a good revolutionary would not play with Kings or Queens , but with the ideals of the revolution at hand .
 the old regime and a good revolutionary   would not play  

 Italians refer to Neapolitan sauce sauce only in association with other recipes , for instance , spaghetti napolitana .
 spaghetti   napolitana  

 Emperor of Japan have been known to come into conflict with the reigning shogun from time to time ; a notable example is the Hōgen Rebellion of 1156 , in which former Emperor Sutoku attempted to seize power from the then current Emperor Go-Shirakawa , both of whom were supported by different clans of samurai .
 Emperor of Japan   have been known  

 The official proposal for an anthem was a combination piece consisting of one verse of the Serbian anthem `` Bože pravde '' followed by a verse of the Montenegrin anthem , `` Oj , svijetla majska zoro '' .
 Bože pravde   followed  

 The Inquirer noted that the continued low return on investment and small margins of HP 's personal computer manufacturing business , now named the Personal Systems Group , `` continues to be what Compaq was in the individual companies , not much more than a job creation scheme for Compaq employees '' .
 the continued low return on investment and small margins of HP 's personal computer manufacturing business   continues  

 The traditional English name for Vaccinium oxycoccos , , originated from plants found growing in fen ( marsh ) lands .
 plants   found  

 Anyone Can Whistle depresses him terribly and makes Anyone Can Whistle terribly difficult for him to work ... It is damn hard to concentrate ... when all the atmosphere is filled with gloom and forebodings about will the show get the money to go on ?
 him   to work  

 It is regarded as the first interdisciplinary study of mummies and probably kick-started future scientific unwrappings , such as those of Keeper Professor Rosalie David completed in the 1970s .
 It   is regarded  

 Of Hitler 's death , Joseph Goebbels commented : `` The heart of Germany has ceased to beat .
 The heart of Germany   to beat  

 The relatively few copies of Archimedes ' written work that survived through the Middle Ages were an influential source of ideas for scientists during the Renaissance , while the discovery in 1906 of previously unknown works by Archimedes in the Archimedes Palimpsest has provided new insights into how Archimedes obtained mathematical results .
 Archimedes ' written work   survived  

 According to the cathedral website , over # 1 million a year is spent on keeping Lincoln Cathedral in shape ; the most recent project completed has been the restoration of the West Front in 2000 .
 the most recent project   completed  

 The evolution of placentation in vertebrates is linked to the evolution of viviparity , a reproductive system in which the females retain their eggs to give birth to their young .
 The evolution of placentation in vertebrates   is linked  

 Distinguished goldsmiths continued to flourish , however , as wealthier patrons sought to ensure that what Jewellery wore still stood apart from the jewellery of the masses , not only through use of precious metals and stones but also though superior artistic and technical work .
 Distinguished goldsmiths   to flourish  

 Since Harun was intellectually , politically and militarily resourceful , Harun al-Rashid life and the court over which Harun al-Rashid held sway have been the subject of many tales : some are claimed to be factual but most are believed to be fictitious .
 most   are believed  

 Despite the similarities of J. R. R. Tolkien work to the Volsunga saga and the Nibelungenlied , which were the basis for Richard Wagner 's opera cycle Der Ring des Nibelungen , Tolkien dismissed critics ' direct comparisons to Wagner , telling J. R. R. Tolkien publisher , `` Both rings were round , and there the resemblance ceases '' .
 the resemblance   ceases  

 The four of them had , on the back of the success of Do Not Adjust Your Set , been offered a series for Thames Television , which they were waiting to begin when John Cleese offer arrived .
 John Cleese   arrived  

 An important problem , TA has to deal with Technology assessment , is the so-called Collingridge dilemma : on the one hand , impacts of new technologies can not be easily predicted until the technology is extensively developed and widely used ; on the other hand , control or change of a technology is difficult as soon as Technology assessment is widely used .
 the technology   used  

 Northern Sotho language is a designation in English , rendered officially and among indigenous speakers as Sesotho sa Leboa .
 a designation in English   rendered  

 According to Conrad 's close friend and literary assistant Richard Curle , the fact of Conrad writing in English was `` obviously misleading '' because Conrad `` is no more completely English in his art than Joseph Conrad is in Joseph Conrad nationality '' .
 Conrad   writing  

 Most of the plays were comedies , which suggests one way in which Austen 's comedic and satirical gifts were cultivated .
 Austen 's comedic and satirical gifts   were cultivated  

 In this passage , a soldier asks the Buddha if it is true that , as he has been told , soldiers slain in battle are reborn in a heavenly realm .
 he   has been told  

 The theory suggests that such riders would appear as half-man , half-animal ( Bernal Díaz del Castillo reported that the Aztecs had this misapprehension about Spanish cavalrymen ) .
 such riders   would appear  

 Burke said , no , Sir , not more than usual -- You have and very well employed too , but there are none so deaf as those that w ` ont hear , and none so blind as those that w ` ont see -- Burke made a low bow , Sir , Edmund Burke certainly now understand you , but was afraid Edmund Burke vanity or presumption might have led Edmund Burke to imagine what Your Majesty has said referred to what Edmund Burke have done -- You can not be vain -- You have been of use to us all , it is a general opinion , is it not so Lord Stair ?
 Edmund Burke   have done  

 In central Somalia , Galmudug is another regional entity that emerged just south of Puntland .
 another regional entity   emerged just south  

 The Catholic Church allows some symbols and traditions to be carried over from older belief systems , so long as they are remade to fit into a Christian worldview ; syncretism of other religions with Catholicism , such as Voudun or Santería , is condemned by the Roman Catholic Church .
 they   are remade  

 In 2012 , for the second year running , Jean-Michel Basquiat was the most coveted contemporary ( i.e. born after 1945 ) artist at auction , with $ 80m in overall sales .
 the second year   running  

 After the development of the large London Porter breweries in the 18th century , the trend grew for Public house to become tied houses which could only sell beer from one brewery ( a pub not tied in this way was called a Free house ) .
 a pub   not tied  

 It was eventually determined that these size limitations could be overridden with a tiny program loaded at startup from a hard drive 's boot sector .
 these size limitations   could be overridden  

 ( But Emily , who has an 18 year-old boyfriend and who discusses her sex life with her mother , seems to know what is going on anyway and at one point almost blackmails her stepfather .
 Emily   seems  

 If u ( t ) is the control signal sent to the system , y ( t ) is the measured output and r ( t ) is the desired output , and tracking error , a PID controller has the general form The desired closed loop dynamics is obtained by adjusting the three parameters , and , often iteratively by `` tuning '' and without specific knowledge of a plant model .
 The desired closed loop dynamics   is obtained  

 He therefore , proposed that this historical wrong be corrected , by embracing Palestinian people as their own and proposed the opening of Hebrew schools for Palestinian Arab Muslims to teach them Arabic , Hebrew and universal culture .
 this historical wrong   be corrected  

 We start with a `` sound wave '' that is `` noisy '' at the prime numbers and silent at other numbers ; this is the von Mangoldt function .
 We   start  

 Your kingdom come , your will be done , on earth , as Lord's Prayer is in heaven .
 Your kingdom   come  

 Thanks to his intervention , Napoleon , in a letter delivered to Gaspard Monge , scientist and commissary of the French Government for Science and Art , promised to guarantee and protect the independence of the Republic , offering to extend San Marino territory according to San Marino needs .
 Thanks to his intervention , Napoleon , in a letter   needs  

 Magnavox Odyssey² could be plugged and unplugged from the back of the unit , while all later silver and all black controllers were hardwired into the rear of the unit Magnavox Odyssey² ( although the joysticks still can be easily replaced , but not without dismounting the cover deck ) .
 Magnavox Odyssey²   could be plugged  

 Boone returned to Kentucky , and in August 1782 , fought in the Battle of Blue Licks , in which Daniel Boone son Israel was killed .
 Daniel Boone   was killed  

 Though The Oxford Encyclopedia of British Literature sees Modernism ending by c. 1939 , with regard to British and American literature , `` When ( if ) Modernism petered out and postmodernism began has been contested almost as hotly as when the transition from Victorianism to Modernism occurred '' .
 the transition from Victorianism to Modernism   occurred  

 Well , J.E.B. Stuart generally knows what J.E.B. Stuart is talking about .
 J.E.B. Stuart   is talking  

 This forms the proalbumin after the signal peptide is cleaved , and a further processing to remove the N-terminal 6-residue propeptide yields the mature form of the protein .
 the signal peptide   is cleaved  

 In many species , the mandibles are sexually dimorphic , with the males ' enlarged enormously compared with those of females of the same species .
 the males '   enlarged  

 For example , the Apple II floppy disk relied on software accessing the controller 's I/O registers with critical timing ; Apple II accelerators were therefore designed to fall back to 1 MHz during disk access .
 the Apple II floppy disk   relied on software accessing  

 The couple had left England when Arthur was promoted to head the Bloemfontein office of the British bank for which J. R. R. Tolkien worked .
 Arthur   was promoted  

 At the King 's request , the Pope granted a dispensation allowing the two to be legally married .
 the two   to be legally married  

 Ordinarily , when a function in a derived class overrides a function in a base class , the function to call is determined by the type of the object .
 the function   to call  

 Neutron star are known to have rotation periods from about 1.4 ms to 30 seconds .
 Neutron star   are known  

 Capsaicin is also a defense mechanism against microbial fungi that invade through punctures made in the outer skin by various insects .
 microbial fungi   invade  

 Thorkild Jacobsen , as well as many others , has suggested that early Mesopotamia society was ruled by a `` council of elders '' in which men and women were equally represented , but that over time , as the status of women fell , that of men increased .
 the status of women   fell  

 Objects closer to the Sun ( with smaller semi-major axes ) travel more quickly , as Solar System are more affected by the Sun 's gravity .
 Objects closer to the Sun ( with smaller semi-major axes   travel more quickly  

 This time , however , it was Rommel 's troops which found themselves fought out and with few replacements while prior to the battle Montgomery had focused his planners intensely on the question of how to create supply lines to provide the Eighth Army with the 2400 t of supply it needed each day .
 themselves   fought out  

 As steel technology improved , single-edged weapons became popular throughout Asia .
 steel technology   improved  

 Reynolds was hospitalized in October 2012 at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles because Debbie Reynolds had an adverse reaction to medication Debbie Reynolds was taking .
 an adverse reaction to medication Debbie Reynolds   was taking  

 Number needed to treat or Number needed to harm are ways of expressing the effectiveness and safety of an intervention in a way that is clinically meaningful .
 Number   to treat  

 In the story , many suitors appeared before King Pelias , her father , when she became of age to marry .
 she   to marry  

 If a fossil is found between two layers whose ages are known , the fossil 's age must lie between the two known ages .
 two layers   are known  

 The fanwing is one of the few types that has actually flown .
 the few types   has actually flown  

 According to Plutarch , Julius Caesar said in Latin , `` Casca , you villain , what are you doing ?
 you   villain  

 As the events of the story move rapidly , the date of the incident is probably the same year as the first of the fasti .
 the events of the story   move rapidly  

 On Henry the Young King deathbed , Henry the Young King reportedly asked to be reconciled to Henry the Young King father , but King Henry , fearing a trick , refused to see Henry the Young King .
 the Young King   deathbed  

 The loser ( always the passer-by ) was murdered , though Cercyon promised his kingdom to anyone who won .
 The loser   was murdered  

 The underlying set being permuted is the coloured subcubes of the whole cube .
 The underlying set   being permuted  

 The mines used to produce Sienna petered out in the 1940s .
 The mines   to produce  

 In turn , this recognition may reduce film festivals ' concerns about copyright clearance ; in an earlier analogous situation , festivals were concerned about documentary films until best practices for them were developed .
 best practices for them   were developed  

 This opposition included passing an amendment that required a vote on the social chapter aspects of the treaty before it could be ratified .
 it   could be ratified  

 Release of an Open Source version was planned for Q4 of 2011 , after code review has been finished .
 code review   has been finished  

 In addition to the district councils , the Mi ` kmaq tribes also had ( have ) a Grand Council or Santé Mawiómi that according to oral tradition was formed before 1600 .
 kmaq tribes   had  

 In approval voting , the strategy-proof vote , if Approval voting exists , is a sincere vote .
 Approval voting   exists  

 `` Why are they ( the Jews ) hated by all the people which hosted them , such as Iraq and Egypt thousands years ago , and Germany , Spain , France and the UK , up to the days they gained of power over the capital and the press , in order to rewrite the history ?
 the days   gained  

 The Claw of Archimedes is a weapon that Archimedes is said to have designed in order to defend the city of Syracuse .
 Archimedes   is said  

 Justice is fairness , in the sense that the fairness of the original position of choice guarantees the fairness of the principles chosen in that position .
 the principles   chosen  

 On February 3 , 2010 , the Institute of Contemporary History ( IfZ ) in Munich announced plans to republish an annotated version of the text , for educational purposes in schools and universities , in 2015 , when the copyright currently held by the Bavarian state government expires ( 2016 ) .
 the copyright currently held by the Bavarian state government   expires  

 Cytoplasmic localization of mRNA is thought to be a function of the 3 ' UTR .
 Cytoplasmic localization of mRNA   is thought  

 Whatever Glaspie did or did not say in her interview with Saddam , the Iraqis assumed that the United States had invested too much in building relations with Iraq over the 1980s to sacrifice them for Kuwait .
 Glaspie   did  

 Herbert was not nicknamed by Marx Brothers , since he did not join the act until Gummo had departed .
 Gummo   had departed  

 Christie is purposefully vague , as Poirot is thought to be elderly even in the early Hercule Poirot novels , and in An Autobiography '' she admitted that she already imagined him to be an old man in 1920 .
 Poirot   is thought  

 This comes as a bit of bad news to the angel Aziraphale ( who was the angel of the Garden of Eden ) and the demon Crowley ( who , when he was originally named Crawly , was the serpent who tempted Eve to eat the apple ) , respectively the representatives of God and Satan on Earth , as Good Omens have become used to living their cozy , comfortable lives and have , in a perverse way , taken a liking to humanity .
 This   comes  

 The most notorious group of letters in English orthography , ough , is commonly pronounced at least ten different ways , six of which are illustrated in the construct , Though the tough cough and hiccough plough him through , which is quoted by Robert A. Heinlein in The Door into Summer to illustrate the difficulties facing automated speech transcription and reading .
 The most notorious group of letters in English orthography   is commonly pronounced  

 Mainstream Islam distinguishes fiqh , which means understanding the details and inferences drawn by scholars , from sharia , which refers to the principles behind the fiqh .
 Mainstream Islam   distinguishes fiqh  

 This occurs , for example , if the two objects are in the process of colliding with one another .
 This   occurs  

 Since it would be expected that a player would only make such a bet when he had the best possible hand , the folk lore says that this is how the best possible hand came to be known as the nuts .
 it   would be expected  

 An analysis by the INCOSE Systems Engineering center of excellence ( SECOE ) indicates that optimal effort spent on Systems engineering is about 15-20 % of the total project effort .
 that optimal effort   spent  

 The grid developed during decipherment by Michael Ventris and John Chadwick of phonetic values for syllabic signs is shown below .
 decipherment by Michael Ventris and John Chadwick of phonetic values for syllabic signs   is shown below  

 Marina Tsvetaeva wrote `` With a mother like Marina Tsvetaeva , Marina Tsvetaeva had only one choice : to become a poet '' .
 Marina Tsvetaeva   wrote  

 Tetraodontidae are morphologically similar to the closely related porcupinefish , which have large external spines ( unlike the thinner , hidden spines of Tetraodontidae , which are only visible when the fish has puffed up ) .
 the fish   has puffed up  

 Before the English Civil War , a pamphlet by William Neade entitled The Double-Armed Man advocated that soldiers be trained in both the longbow and pike ; this advice was followed only by a few town militias .
 this advice   was followed  

 Currently , ASU campus housing accommodates one of the largest residential populations in the nation with over 13,000 residents , a figure that will increase each year as the university continues to build more on-campus housing .
 the university   continues  

 The nine-track LP ( with one hidden track , `` Excess Baggage '' ) produced three singles , `` Just Go '' , `` Mudshovel '' , and `` Home '' .
 The nine-track LP   Just Go  

 If so , we have nothing to do : finished Otherwise : Wait until the lift is idle Go to the required floor Release the memory we used to remember the floor number Memory leak would occur if the floor number requested is the same floor that the lift is on ; the condition for releasing Memory leak would be skipped .
 nothing   to do  

 All individuals and firms that are registered are required to maintain complete and accurate inventories and records of all transactions involving controlled substances , as well as security for the storage of Controlled Substances Act .
 All individuals and firms   are registered  

 He thus concluded that the Sun was around 20 times larger than the Moon ; this conclusion , although incorrect , follows logically from his incorrect data .
 this conclusion   follows logically  

 Mehmet Ali Ağca claims to have received two months of training in weaponry and terrorist tactics in Syria as a member of the left-wing Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine paid for by the Communist Bulgarian government , although this has been questioned .
 this   has been questioned  

 However , administration of spearmint tea to rats causes dose-dependently temporary or permanent negative effects on the reproductive system of the male rat and leads to lipid peroxidation that results in histopathologies in the kidney , liver , and uterine tissues ; more research into the toxic effects of the tea in humans is warranted .
 more research into the toxic effects of the tea in humans   is warranted  

 In optical instruments such as telescopes , microscopes , or in telescopic sights used on small arms and theodolites , the error occurs when the optics are not precisely focused : the reticle will appear to move with respect to the object focused on if one moves one 's head sideways in front of the eyepiece .
 the reticle   will appear  

 A tree located in Santu Baltolu di Carana ( municipality of Luras ) in Sardinia , Italy , named with respect as the Ozzastru by the inhabitants of the region , is claimed to be 3,000 to 4,000 years old according to different studies .
 A tree located in Santu Baltolu di Carana ( municipality of Luras ) in Sardinia , Italy ,   is claimed  

 More preferable from a strategic point of view is a nuclear weapon mounted onto a missile , which can use a ballistic trajectory to deliver the warhead over the horizon .
 a nuclear weapon   mounted  

 The CHIP protein ( carboxyl terminus of Hsp70-interacting protein ) is Proteasome regulated via inhibition of interactions between the E3 enzyme CHIP and Proteasome E2 binding partner .
 Proteasome   regulated  

 At the end of 1914 the SAFL ( as Port Adelaide Football Club was known from 1907 to 1927 ) put together a combined team from the six other SAFL clubs to play Port which the Magpies won .
 the Magpies   won  

 If the programming language 's string implementation is not 8-bit clean , data corruption may ensue .
 data corruption   may ensue  

 Otto von Bismarck was aware that public opinion had started to demand colonies for reasons of German prestige .
 public opinion   had started  

 In TV series , a character named Rohtul ( Lex Luthor spelled backwards ) appears in the episode `` The Super-Batman of Planet X '' portrayed by Clancy Brown .
 Lex Luthor   spelled backwards  

 The French policy of assimilation and direct rule , however , was never applied with any vigor in Mauritania , where a system that corresponded more to Britain 's colonial policies of association and indirect rule developed .
 Britain 's colonial policies of association and indirect rule   developed  

 For instance , the first dated instance of the title pharaoh being attached to a ruler 's name occurs in Year 17 of Siamun on a fragment from the Karnak Priestly Annals .
 the title pharaoh   being attached  

 As of 2006 , Transport in the People's Republic of China had of gas pipelines , of oil pipelines , and for refined products .
 As of 2006 , Transport in the People's Republic of China   had  

 Both economies , previously healthy and expanding , were left in ruins .
 Both economies , previously healthy   expanding  

 Once the rupture has initiated Earthquake begins to propagate along the fault surface .
 the rupture   has initiated  

 According to the foundation myth , the founder of Salamis, Cyprus is said to be Teucer , son of Telamon , who could not return home after the Trojan war because he had failed to avenge his brother Ajax .
 Cyprus   is said  

 Some asteroids have moons or are co-orbiting binaries : Rubble piles , moons , binaries , and scattered Asteroid families are believed to be the results of collisions that disrupted a parent asteroid .
 Rubble piles , moons , binaries , and scattered Asteroid families   are believed  

 BES also provides handhelds with TCP/IP connectivity accessed through a component called MDS ( Mobile Data System ) Connection Service .
 TCP/IP connectivity   accessed  

 Francisco Vásquez de Coronado went to Mexico in 1535 at about age 25 , in the entourage of its first Viceroy , Antonio de Mendoza , the son of Francisco Vásquez de Coronado father 's patron who had died .
 the son of Francisco Vásquez de Coronado father 's patron   had died  

 After Lucille died , Maurice 's last companion was Sonia Raymond .
 Lucille   died  

 The amount of text to be retained can be specified by the user as a percentage of the current amount of text .
 The amount of text   to be retained  

 With the emergence of nationalist sentiment from the late 18th century the desire was felt to display National flag also in civilian contexts , notably the US flag , in origin adopted as a naval ensign in 1777 , which after the American Revolution began to be displayed as a generic symbol of the United States , and the French Tricolore which became a symbol of the Republic in the 1790s .
 the desire   was felt  

 After many of the people had been bitten by serpents and died , Moses made the brass serpent and mounted it on a pole , and if those who were bitten looked at it , they did not die .
 many of the people   died  

 One reason for this interpretation is the passage in Sirach 18:1 , creavit omni simul ( `` Augustine of Hippo created all things at once '' ) , which Augustine took as proof that the days of Genesis 1 had to be taken non-literally .
 the days of Genesis 1   to be taken non-literally  

 Realization begins to slowly dawn in Scene II of the play when Jocasta mentions out of hand that Laius was slain at Oedipus where three roads meet .
 Realization   begins  

 The Catholic Encyclopedia entry on Predestination says , : '' ... God , owing to His infallible prescience of the future , has appointed and ordained from eternity all events occurring in time , especially those that directly proceed from , or at least are influenced by , man 's free will '' .
 God   has appointed  

 This comparatively long decay lifetime ( the second longest known ) is due to being mediated by the weak interaction .
 This comparatively long decay lifetime   second longest known  

 The ornithology of northern Africa presents a close resemblance to that of southern Europe , scarcely a species being found which does not also occur in the other countries bordering the Mediterranean .
 scarcely a species   being found  

 If gauge is not reached with one hook , another is used until the stitches made are the needed size .
 the stitches   made  

 The Italian became universally used , brought to perfection in more recent times by English calligraphers .
 The Italian   became universally used  

 Cason went on to serve in the Oregon Territorial Legislature .
 Cason   went on  

 Sword was only from the 11th century that Norman swords began to develop the crossguard ( quillons ) .
 Norman swords   began  

 When an allele reaches a frequency of 1 ( 100 % ) it is said to be `` fixed '' in the population and when an allele reaches a frequency of 0 ( 0 % ) Genetic drift is lost .
 Genetic drift   is lost  

 But the Prince , subtle and adroit as William the Silent was , answered the good King in such a way as to leave William the Silent still under the impression that William the Silent , the Prince , knew all about the scheme proposed by Alba ; and on this understanding the King revealed all the details of the plan which had been arranged between the King of Spain and himself for the rooting out and rigorous punishment of the heretics , from the lowest to the highest rank , and in this service the Spanish troops were to be mainly employed .
 the Spanish troops   to be mainly employed  

 For example , if all voters are rational and cast a strategically optimal vote based on a common knowledge of how all the other voters vote except for small-probability , statistically independent errors in recording the votes , then the winner will be the Condorcet winner , if one exists .
 a strategically optimal vote   based  

 Göring was utterly discredited , though Hitler refused to dismiss Joseph Goebbels until 25 April .
 Göring   was utterly discredited  

 Portugal was also obliged `` never to alienate Macau without previous agreement with China '' , therefore ensuring that negotiation between Portugal and France ( regarding a possible exchange of Macau and Portuguese Guinea with the French Congo ) or with other countries would not go forward -- so that the British commercial interests would be secured ; Macau officially became a territory under Portuguese administration .
 the British commercial interests   would be secured  

 Meliae appeared from the drops of blood spilled when Cronus castrated Uranus , according to Hesiod , Theogony 187 .
 Meliae   appeared  

 Fresh material having come to light , a new edition of the poems ( Die Gedichte des Paulus Diaconus ) has been edited by Karl Neff ( Munich , 1908 ) , who denies , however , the attribution to Paul of the most famous poem in the collection , the Ut queant laxis , a hymn to St. John the Baptist , which Guido d'Arezzo fitted to a melody which had previously been used for Horace 's Ode 4.11 From the initial syllables of the first verses of the resultant setting he then took the names of the first notes of the musical scale .
 a new edition of the poems   Die  

 Dewey , on the other hand , believed the public was not only capable of understanding the issues created or responded to by the elite , Journalism was in the public forum that decisions should be made after discussion and debate .
 the issues   created  

 In the second half of the 18th century Rev. Gilbert White , in The Natural History of Selborne made note of the increased consumption of vegetables by ordinary country people in the south of England , to which , he noted , potatoes had only been added during the reign of George III : `` Green-stalls in cities now support multitudes in comfortable state , while gardeners get fortunes .
 he   noted  

 In response , Gould , Richard Lewontin , and others from the Boston area wrote the subsequently well-referenced letter to The New York Review of Books entitled , `` Against ` Sociobiology ' '' .
 the subsequently well-referenced letter to The New York Review of Books   entitled  

 After the revolt collapsed , Buckingham was executed at Salisbury , near the Bull 's Head Inn .
 the revolt   collapsed  

 But as economic problems were apparent at the time , Mintz figured Disney should settle for a 20 % cut , although large turnarounds were promised if the studio 's finances showed considerable growth .
 large turnarounds   were promised  

 A unique feature of DHM is the ability to adjust focus after the image is recorded , since all focus planes are recorded simultaneously by the hologram .
 the image   is recorded  

 Silvio Berlusconi attributed the widespread failure to recognize these achievements to a campaign of mystification and vilification in the printed media , asserting that 85 % of newspapers were opposed to Silvio Berlusconi .
 85 % of newspapers   were opposed  

 Augustine upheld the early Christian understanding of the Real Presence of Christ in the Eucharist , saying that Christ 's statement , `` This is Augustine of Hippo body '' referred to the bread Augustine of Hippo carried in Augustine of Hippo hands , and that Christians must have faith that the bread and wine are in fact the body and blood of Christ , despite what they see with their eyes .
 they   see  

 Some Congress members expressed concern that the Office of the United States Trade Representative would lose focus if United States Department of Commerce were included in a larger bureaucracy , especially given United States Department of Commerce status as an `` honest broker '' between other agencies , which tend to advocate for specific points of view .
 other agencies   to advocate  

 No Union soldiers were observed to have ever gotten behind Johnston during the fatal charge , while it is known that many Confederates were firing at the Union lines while Johnston charged well in advance of Albert Sidney Johnston soldiers .
 it   is known  

 Propaganda , in this sense , serves as a corollary to censorship in which the same purpose is achieved , not by filling people 's minds with approved information , but by preventing people from being confronted with opposing points of view .
 people   opposing  

 By the time 154th Brigade moved forward , although Second Battle of El Alamein met some shelling , the enemy had left .
 the enemy   had left  

 The initial phase of the fire lasted only about 15 seconds before the command module 's hull ruptured ( which occurred three seconds after the final crew communication ) .
 the command module 's hull   ruptured  

 In both cases the praise was limited , with Cerruti going on to write that only in the Third Reich was it possible for someone as superficial as Ribbentrop to rise to be a minister of foreign affairs , while Geyr von Schweppenburg called Joachim von Ribbentrop an absolute disaster as Ambassador in London .
 Cerruti   going on  

 Phytoplankton blooms are believed to be limited by irradiance in the austral ( southern hemisphere ) spring , and by biologically available iron in the summer .
 Phytoplankton blooms   are believed  

 Hawaii is said to have been named for Hawaiʻiloa , the legendary Polynesian navigator who first discovered Hawaii (island) .
 Hawaii   is said  

 Peter Sellers biographer , Ed Sikov , notes that because of this retained dignity , Sellers is `` the master of playing men who have no idea how ridiculous they are '' .
 they   are  

 The first asteroids to be discovered were assigned iconic symbols like the ones traditionally used to designate the planets .
 The first asteroids   to be discovered  

 On August 10 , 2007 , Nadia Comăneci was a `` mob '' participant on the American version of the game show 1 vs. 100 , and was not eliminated until the last 20 members of the mob were left .
 the last 20 members of the mob   were left  

 Other formalizations of set theory have been proposed , including von Neumann -- Bernays -- Gödel set theory ( NBG ) , Morse -- Kelley set theory ( MK ) , and New Foundations ( NF ) .
 Other formalizations of set theory   have been proposed  

 A partial function is said to be injective or surjective when the total function given by the restriction of the partial function to Partial function domain of definition is .
 A partial function   is said  

 Islam is thought to have been brought to Malaysia around the 12th century by Arab traders .
 Islam   is thought  

 King Creon , who ascended to the throne of Thebes , decreed that Polynices was not to be buried .
 Polynices   not to be buried  

 In February 1999 , an unsigned article that media outlets attributed to Falwell was published in the National Liberty Journal -- a promotional publication of the university Jerry Falwell founded -- claimed that the Teletubby named Tinky Winky was intended as a gay role model .
 Jerry Falwell   founded  

 Charge referencing is performed by adding or subtracting a `` Charge Correction Factor '' to each of the experimentally measured BEs .
 Charge referencing   is performed  

 In this mode , users can see different tabs ( windows ) simultaneously , providing a lot of control about the things happening .
 the things   happening  

 Thus , Poznań urban area has been growing steadily over past years and has already reached 1.0 million inhabitants when student population is included , whereas the entire metropolitan zone may have reached 1.5-1 .7 million inhabitants when satellite cities and towns ( so-called second Poznań ring counties such as Wrzesnia , Gniezno and Koscian ) are included .
 satellite cities and towns ( so-called second Poznań ring counties such as Wrzesnia , Gniezno and Koscian   are included  

 Partly by the broad flat tops of the larger letters , partly by the insertion of a stroke connecting those ( like H , Υ ) which are not naturally adapted to linking , the scribes produced the effect of a horizontal line along the top of Palaeography , from which the letters seem to hang .
 the letters   to hang  

 Hellraiser ( also known as Clive Barker 's Hellraiser ) is a 1987 British horror film written and directed by Clive Barker , based upon his own novella The Hellbound Heart .
 a 1987 British horror film   written  

 Research shows that the reason the mind completes a regular figure that is not perceived through sensation is to increase the regularity of surrounding stimuli .
 a regular figure   is not perceived  

 One possible product of this reaction , 2,5-bis - ( glutathion-S-yl ) - alpha-methyldopamine , has been demonstrated to produce the same toxic effects observed in MDMA , while MDMA , and alpha-methyldopamine themselves have been shown to be non-neurotoxic .
 MDMA , and alpha-methyldopamine   have been shown  

 Pantograph is a mechanical linkage connected in a manner based on parallelograms so that the movement of one pen , in tracing an image , produces identical movements in a second pen .
 a mechanical linkage   connected  

 When the ends were not tied with a 90 degree angle , it is common for Slippery eight loop to not be slip-proof .
 the ends   were not tied  

 On the basis of experimental evidence , acute appendicitis seems to be the end result of a primary obstruction of the appendix lumen ( the inside space of a tubular structure ) .
 acute appendicitis   seems  

 Tyrosine kinases recruited to a receptor following hormone binding are receptor-associated tyrosine kinases and are involved in a number of signaling cascades , in particular those involved in cytokine signaling ( but also others , including growth hormone ) .
 hormone   binding  

 Parents have the final say about which school Secondary education child will attend .
 school Secondary education child   will attend  

 Even the King of Spain could not make Diego Velázquez favorite a belted knight without the consent of the commission established to inquire into the purity of Diego Velázquez lineage .
 the commission   established  

 This innate coordination that emerges is also described more specifically as `` Alexander technique '' .
 This innate coordination   emerges  

 Early fossils of animals are rare because Paleontology did not develop mineralized hard parts that fossilize easily until about .
 mineralized hard parts   fossilize easily  

 One hangar just to the east of the quad-sized hangar appears to have a very high roof , twice the height of the other hangars in the area .
 One hangar just to the east of the quad-sized hangar   appears  

 Water is evaporated by boiling the syrup under a vacuum .
 Water   is evaporated  

 The degree to which can be approximated by rational numbers ( called the irrationality measure ) is not precisely known ; estimates have established that the irrationality measure is larger than the measure of or ln ( 2 ) , but smaller than the measure of Liouville numbers .
 The degree to which can be approximated by rational numbers ( called the irrationality measure )   precisely known  

 This was adopted , although Britain and New Zealand disagreed with John Diefenbaker proposal .
 This   was adopted  

 The area of 14 U.S. bases are , occupying 18 % of the main island .
 The area of 14 U.S. bases   are  

 The outbreak of the civil war in 1991 meant that the Somali air force ` ceased to exist ' .
 the Somali air force   to exist  

 Article 8 of the Statute of Autonomy states that the powers of the region are exercised through the Junta of Communities of Castile -- La Mancha ( Junta de Comunidades de Castile-La Mancha ) .
 the powers of the region   are exercised  

 Though usage of the Internet was not interrupted , Jon Postel soon received orders from senior government officials to undo this change , which Jon Postel did .
 usage of the Internet   was not interrupted  

 The widespread popularity of deliberate misspelling is similar to the cult following of the `` All your base are belong to us '' phrase .
 the cult   following  

 A later example is Damien Valentine 's series Consanguinity , made using BioWare 's 2002 computer game Neverwinter Nights and based on the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
 Damien Valentine 's series   made  

 Maya Lin received harassment after Maya Lin ethnicity was revealed .
 Maya Lin ethnicity   was revealed  

 Lefebvre declared that Marcel Lefebvre and the other clerics involved had not `` separated themselves from Rome '' and were therefore not schismatic and that they `` found themselves in a case of necessity '' , not having succeeded , as they said , in making `` Rome '' understand that `` this change which has occurred in the Church '' since the Second Vatican Council was `` not Catholic '' .
 they   said  

 Besides the bit rate of an encoded piece of audio , the quality of MP3 files also depends on the quality of the encoder MP3 , and the difficulty of the signal being encoded .
 the signal   being encoded  

 Statute of limitations is an enactment in a common law legal system that sets the maximum time after an event that legal proceedings based on that event may be initiated .
 legal proceedings based on that event   may be initiated  

 When Nintendo revived the industry , Atari 7800 signed up software development companies to create NES games under a strict license agreement which imposed serious restrictions on what they were allowed to do .
 they   were allowed  

 Based on the data obtained , Curtiss moved the glycol coolant radiator forward to the chin ; Curtiss P-40 Warhawk new air scoop also accommodated the oil cooler air intake .
 the data   obtained  

 `` The Caesars ' house in Rome , the Palatium , received in a shorter space of time no less than four Emperors , '' Plutarch writes , `` passing , as it were , across the stage , and one making room for another to enter '' ( Galba 1 ) .
 Plutarch   writes  

 After the investiture ceremony at Windsor is concluded , a state luncheon is held in the Banqueting Room .
 the investiture ceremony at Windsor   is concluded  

 Each carries a disk marked with the consecration crosses that were traditionally marked on the pillars of a church at Sainte-Chapelle consecration .
 a disk   marked  

 Since species of Coleoptera use environmental stimuli to communicate , Beetle are affected by the climate .
 species of Coleoptera   use environmental stimuli to communicate  

 Jesse Hawley finally got the canal built .
 the canal   built  

 Probably one of the oldest scripts that any language classified as Aramaic would have been written in , Old Aramaic script ( also known as `` Paleo-Hebrew '' script ) , was heavily influenced by Proto-Canaanite .
 Aramaic   would have been written in  

 Paleontology works by the logic that , if groups B and C have more similarities to each other than either has to group A , then B and C are more closely related to each other than either is to A. Characters that are compared may be anatomical , such as the presence of a notochord , or molecular , by comparing sequences of DNA or proteins .
 Paleontology   works  

 It is common to keep captured pieces on a wooden stand ( or komadai ) which is traditionally placed so that Shogi bottom left corner aligns with the bottom right corner of the board from the perspective of each player .
 a wooden stand ( or komadai   is traditionally placed  

 In the Falklands War , less powerful British Harriers were able to defeat faster Argentinian opponents using AIM-9G missiles provided by the United States as the conflict began .
 the conflict   began  

 Some have been identified , including Mario Minniti and Francesco Boneri , both fellow artists , Mario appearing as various figures in the early secular works , the young Francesco as a succession of angels , Baptists and Davids in the later canvasses .
 Some   have been identified  

 A frog hunts on land by vision ... The lowest-level concepts related to visual perception for a human being probably differ little from the concepts of a frog .
 The lowest-level concepts related to visual perception for a human being probably   differ little  

 Paul Cézanne considered this a breach of decorum and a friendship begun in childhood was irreparably damaged .
 a breach of decorum and a friendship   was irreparably damaged  

 Despite the accusations of Neimodians speaking with `` Engrish '' accents , it should be noted that actor Silas Carson read all of Nute Gunray 's lines based on how Nute Gunray were read by a genuine Thai actor , who pre-recorded Nute Gunray 's lines for Carson to mimic .
 the accusations of Neimodians   speaking  

 Overhead imagery ( see coordinates given above ) of the Gila River and Jordan Lake sites suggests that the original design called for antennas of twice the present length with , presumably , greater radiated power .
 Overhead imagery ( see coordinates given above ) of the Gila River and Jordan Lake sites   suggests  

 Weil was in Finland when World War II broke out ; André Weil had been traveling in Scandinavia since April 1939 .
 World War II   broke out  

 And finally , since X is in Σ , you know by ( 2 ) that Sigma-algebra complement , the empty set , is also in Σ .
 you   know  

 Baglione went on to write the first biography of Caravaggio .
 Baglione   went on  

 Fountain was a urinal signed with the pseudonym R. Mutt , the exhibition of which shocked the art world in 1917 .
 a urinal   signed  

 Barrymore was born into acting : Drew Barrymore great-grandparents Maurice Barrymore and Georgie Drew Barrymore , Maurice Costello and Mae Costello ( Altschuk ) and Drew Barrymore grandparents John Barrymore and Dolores Costello , were all actors ; John Barrymore was arguably the most acclaimed actor of his generation .
 Barrymore   was born  

 These connect with Mainline services which operate at a frequency of between 10 and 30 minutes .
 These   connect  

 Once traffic reaches the proxy machine Proxy server interception is commonly performed with NAT ( Network Address Translation ) .
 traffic   reaches  

 In 1912 , at the urging of Yosef Haim Brenner , Shmuel Yosef Agnon published a novella , `` Vehaya Ha'akov Lemishor '' ( `` And the Crooked Shall Be Made Straight '' ) .
 the Crooked Shall   Be Made Straight  

 To secure the succession , Augustine had consecrated Laurence before Laurence of Canterbury died , even though that was prohibited by canon law .
 Laurence of Canterbury   died  

 At the very end of the show , in `` Court Charades '' , the Inquisitors are caught by surprise when a defendant ( who is also a judge from another court ) in session at the Old Bailey says : `` Blimey , I did n't expect The Spanish Inquisition (Monty Python) !
 I   did n't expect  

 The plateau is 1,000-1 ,500 m in elevation and is filled with loess , a yellowish , loose soil that travels easily in the wind .
 a yellowish , loose soil   travels easily  

 Additionally , the southern edge of the Tiergarten was to be redefined , with a new road planned to slice through the built-up area immediately to the north of Columbushaus ( although Columbushaus itself would remain unscathed ) ; this road would line up with Voßstraße , one block to the north of Leipziger Platz .
 the southern edge of the Tiergarten   to be redefined  

 Should a set of data appear to be too faithful to the hypothesis , i.e. , the amount of error that would normally be in such measurements does not appear , a conclusion can be drawn that the data may have been forged .
 a conclusion   can be drawn  

 Utilization rates are a more flexible option : industries are permitted to meet the recycling targets at any point of Recycling operation or even contract recycling out in exchange for tradeable credits .
 even contract   recycling out  

 Superparamagnetism sets a limit on the storage density of hard disk drives due to the minimum size of particles that can be used .
 particles   can be used  

 In the United States , however , the term has come to be used almost exclusively for Tax per head .
 the term   to be used almost exclusively  

 On 30 July 1942 , Sir John Anderson , the minister responsible for Tube Alloys , advised Churchill that : `` We must face the fact that ... our pioneering work ... is a dwindling asset and that , unless we capitalise it quickly , we shall be outstripped .
 we   shall be outstripped  

 The word `` allele '' is a short form of allelomorph , meaning `` other '' .
 a short form of allelomorph   meaning  

 When sufficient stores of graphite had been accumulated , the mines were flooded to prevent theft until more was required .
 sufficient stores of graphite   had been accumulated  

 Malvasia Rei is believed to be the Palomino grown in Spain for Sherry production which may be related to the Malvasia family .
 Malvasia Rei   is believed  

 The α-form of the estrogen receptor appears to be the most important in regulating bone turnover .
 The α-form of the estrogen receptor   appears  

 Lee in 2009 described these `` short , five-page filler strips that Steve and Steve Ditko did together '' , originally `` placed in any of our comics that had a few extra pages to fill '' , as `` odd fantasy tales that Steve Ditko 'd dream up with O. Henry-type endings '' .
 a few extra pages   to fill  

 The first letter represents the piece moved : P for Pawn .
 the piece   moved  

 Debiprasad Chattopadhyaya quotes S. N. Dasgupta : Likewise , the charge of hedonism against Cārvāka might have been exaggerated .
 the charge of hedonism against Cārvāka   might have been exaggerated  

 The play continues , and Petruchio tries to ` tame ' Katherine and mourns for his now-lost bachelor life ( Where Is the Life That Late I Led ? )
 The play   continues  

 Diamond sits at the top of the series because , Pliny says , Natural History (Pliny) will scratch all other minerals .
 Pliny   says  

 It is `` as if someone were to buy several copies of the morning paper to assure himself that what Philosophical Investigations said was true '' , as Wittgenstein puts Philosophical Investigations .
 Philosophical Investigations   said  

 Relevant portions of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky brother Modest 's autobiography , where Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky tells of the composer 's sexual orientation , have been published , as have letters previously suppressed by Soviet censors in which Tchaikovsky openly writes of it .
 Relevant portions of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky brother Modest 's autobiography   have been published  

 Although slogans may be enlisted to support reasoned ideas , in practice Propaganda tend to act only as emotional appeals .
 slogans   may be enlisted  

 Extreme wind events , however , have seemed to decline in frequency in recent years .
 Extreme wind events   have seemed  

 In practice , however , Power rests with the Party secretary Beijing will often appoint loyal party cadres to oversee the local work as Party secretary , while the local Chairman of the region 's government is regarded as Politics of the People's Republic of China nominal head .
 Power   rests  

 When all hope of raising the complete ship was finally abandoned is not known .
 When all hope of raising the complete ship was finally abandoned   not known  

 Solved structures are usually deposited in Protein Data Bank ( PDB ) , a freely available resource from which structural data about thousands of proteins can be obtained in the form of Cartesian coordinates for each atom in Protein .
 structural data about thousands of proteins   can be obtained  

 Recent changes to DC Comics continuity were revealed to have been a result of the 2005 Infinite Crisis mini-series .
 Recent changes to DC Comics continuity   were revealed  

 Agnes Grey , based upon Anne Brontë experiences as a governess , was published in 1847 .
 Agnes Grey   based  

 Play-by-mail game games , sometimes known as `` Play-by-post '' , are games , of any type , played through postal mail or email .
 games , of any type   played  

 The institution of the Eucharist at Last Supper is remembered by Roman Catholics as one of the Luminous Mysteries of the Rosary , the First Station of the Scriptural Way of the Cross and by most Christians as the `` inauguration of the New Covenant '' , mentioned by the prophet Jeremiah , fulfilled at Last Supper when Jesus `` took bread , and after blessing it broke it and gave it to them , and said , ` Take ; this is my body ' .
 Jesus   after blessing  

 The difference in density between the two samples would cause the scale to tip accordingly .
 the scale   to tip accordingly  

 The following table shows for each sound , the various spelling patterns used to denote English orthography .
 The following table   shows  

 If the player has no lives when Super Mario Kart rank out , the game is over .
 Super Mario Kart   rank out  

 O Canada is the most widely accepted and performed version of this song .
 Canada   most widely accepted  

 Known as the `` Pacte civil de solidarité '' ( PACS ) , Civil union is more easily dissolved than the divorce process applying to marriage .
 Civil union   more easily dissolved  

 Monoid is a subset N such that N = N A subset N is said to be a generator of M if and only if M = N A monoid whose operation is commutative is called a commutative monoid ( or , less commonly , an abelian monoid ) .
 N   is said  

 Johnny Depp comment that if you 're Native American , `` you have to think , somewhere along the line , Johnny Depp 'm the product of some horrific rape '' was believed by many Indians to be ignorant and insensitive .
 you   to think  

 When Tung Kuo Tzu asked Zhuangzi where the Tao was , he replied that Pantheism was in the ant , the grass , the clay tile , even in excrement : `` There is nowhere where Pantheism is not ...
 the Tao   was  

 The problem with this approach is that in practice most of these instances quickly fail .
 most of these instances   quickly fail  

 Flag-bearers from each participating country enter the stadium , followed by the athletes who enter together , without any national distinction .
 the athletes   enter together  

 Proponents of structuralism would argue that a specific domain of culture may be understood by means of a structure -- modelled on language -- that is distinct both from the organizations of reality and those of ideas or the imagination -- the `` third order '' .
 means of a structure   modelled  

 Bin Laden helped cement Osama bin Laden alliance with the Taliban by sending several hundred Afghan Arab fighters along to help the Taliban kill between five and six thousand Hazaras overrunning the city .
 the Taliban   kill  

 Critic Frank Rich wrote that the acting skill required for this sort of role , with a `` schismatic personality that Peter had to convey with strenuous vocal and gestural technique ... A lesser actor would have made the character 's mental dysfunction flamboyant and drastic ... Peter Sellers intelligence was always deeper , Peter Sellers onscreen confidence greater , Peter Sellers technique much more finely honed '' : in achieving this , Sellers `` makes the film 's fantastic premise credible '' .
 Peter Sellers technique   much more finely honed  

 If he passes , he may be issued a waiver , which states that the color vision test is no longer required during medical examinations .
 he   passes  

 Fans are generally encouraged to sing along , and at some ballparks , the words `` home team '' are replaced with the team name , as is the case with the Houston Astros , San Francisco Giants , Pittsburgh Pirates , Boston Red Sox , Chicago Cubs , Chicago White Sox , Milwaukee Brewers , Philadelphia Phillies , Toronto Blue Jays , Miami Marlins , Colorado Rockies , Detroit Tigers and several other Major League Baseball teams .
 Fans   to sing along  

 This gave rise to the expression `` nose boot '' where the keys needed to boot for a test OS release required more fingers than you could come up with .
 you   could come up  

 One of the attacking speedboats escaped north towards Guinea , while the other was seized .
 the other   was seized  

 As plutonium was found to corrode readily , the sphere was coated with nickel .
 plutonium   was found  

 Later on , we will see how our classical definition of mass must be altered if we take into consideration the theory of special relativity , which is more accurate than classical mechanics .
 our classical definition of mass   must be altered  

 At the moment only three leisure centres are open for public use and two of these are expected to be closed down in the near future , with plans for only one of them to be re-built .
 two of these   are expected  

 or abbreviated to : The maxim states that there can be no crime committed , and no punishment meted out , without a violation of penal law as Nullum crimen, nulla poena sine praevia lege poenali existed at the time .
 no crime   committed  

 Because of the crowded streets , and the number of response agencies sent to the location , communication between government branches and rescue workers was muddled .
 the number of response agencies   was muddled  

 These two styles differ mainly in the way in which Punctuation handle quotation marks .
 These two styles   differ mainly  

 Further liberalization in the retail sector is expected to remove the present 30 % Bumiputera listing requirements .
 Further liberalization in the retail sector   is expected  

 In Brazil , the adapted version A Cabana do Pai Tomás was produced as a TV soap opera by Rede Globo ; with 205 episodes , it was aired from July 1969 to March 1970 .
 A Cabana   do  

 When a time limit is suspended , Statute of limitations does not run ( akin to hitting `` Stop '' on a stopwatch ) .
 a time limit   is suspended  

 Wheat is the most traditional crop , with the importance of barley increasing since the 1960s .
 the importance of barley   increasing  

 Construction of ten hydropower plants on the Sava river with a cumulative capacity of 338 MW is planned to be finished by 2030 .
 Construction of ten hydropower plants on the Sava river with a cumulative capacity of 338 MW   is planned  

 Louw , attending the conference as Prime Minister Hendrik Verwoerd recovered from an assassination attempt , refused .
 Louw   refused  

 When opening the box , the observer becomes entangled with Schrödinger's cat , so `` observer states '' corresponding to the cat 's being alive and dead are formed ; each observer state is entangled or linked with Schrödinger's cat so that the `` observation of Schrödinger's cat state '' and the `` cat 's state '' correspond with each other .
 the cat 's   are formed  

 Ağca has described Mehmet Ali Ağca as a mercenary with no political orientation , although Mehmet Ali Ağca is known to have been a member of the Turkish ultra-nationalist Grey Wolves organization .
 Mehmet Ali Ağca   is known  

 If two teams are tied at the end of the second half , a one game playoff will determine the winner .
 two teams   are tied  

 Namely , C-E is flattened to a justly intonated ratio of and at the same time E-G is sharpened to the just ratio of The drawback is that the fifths A-E and E-B , by flattening E , become almost as dissonant as the Pythagorean wolf fifth .
 C-E   is flattened  

 Other early markets are arising where the relative efficiency , size and weight advantages of devices based on high-temperature superconductivity outweigh the additional costs involved .
 the additional costs   involved  

 Even life in the ocean depths , where sunlight can not reach , was believed to obtain Astrobiology nourishment either from consuming organic detritus rained down from the surface waters or from eating animals that did .
 animals   did  

 During the first week of February 2010 , Jay Kay mentioned the upcoming album on Jamiroquai Facebook site , saying , `` Hi Everybody , just wanted to say how amazing it is to have so many Friends on Facebook , half a million I believe .
 I   believe  

 The Elector George William refused to receive his sister in Brandenburg , so Maria Eleonora had to wait until his death in December that year before Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg nephew gave Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg permission to visit Brandenburg .
 Maria Eleonora   to wait  

 A separate distinction is evident where the rights granted are insufficiently substantial to confer on the nonowner a definable interest or right in the thing .
 the rights   granted  

 Their son , Gur , died in October 1967 after a friend accidentally shot Ariel Sharon while they were playing with a rifle .
 they   were playing  

 While the unit sold well , Atari 7800 was controversial among Atari fans .
 the unit   sold well  

 Later named the sakoku period , this meant that no Japanese were allowed to leave the country ( or return if they were living abroad ) , and no foreign ship was allowed to dock in a Japanese port .
 no foreign ship   was allowed  

 A defense lawyer raising the defense of laches against a motion for injunctive relief ( a form of equitable relief ) might argue that the plaintiff comes `` waltzing in at the eleventh hour '' when it is now too late to grant the relief sought , at least not without causing great harm that the plaintiff could have avoided .
 the plaintiff   comes  

 Kristeva made a famous disambiguation of three types of feminism in `` Women 's Time '' in New Maladies of the Soul ( 1993 ) ; while rejecting the first two types , including that of Simone de Beauvoir , Julia Kristeva stands are sometimes considered to reject feminism altogether .
 Julia Kristeva   stands  

 Various other birds of prey have been recorded , as well as a growing number of ravens , crows and magpies migrating into Ljubljana and Maribor where they thrive .
 Various other birds of prey   have been recorded  

 When Parliament refused , it was possibly Henrietta Maria who persuaded Charles I of England to arrest the five members by force , which Charles I of England intended to carry out personally .
 Parliament   refused  

 Thompson appears as a prominent character in Paul Marlowe 's novel Knights of the Sea ( set in 1887 when Thompson was Minister of Justice ) .
 Thompson   appears  

 Therefore Shell sort has prospects of running in an average time that asymptotically grows like NlogN only when using gap sequences whose number of gaps grows in proportion to the logarithm of the array size .
 an average time   asymptotically grows  

 He critically notes the following of perfumes : `` Perfumes are the most pointless of luxuries , for pearls and jewels are at least passed on the one 's heirs , and clothes last for a time , but perfumes lose their fragrance and perish as soon as Natural History (Pliny) are used '' .
 Perfumes   are at least passed  

 After each trick is played , any face-down cards uncovered are turned face-up .
 each trick   is played  

 Queensland ) , South Africa and New Zealand show that if the track is built to a heavy-duty standard , performance almost as good as a standard gauge line is possible .
 the track   is built  

 A major reason for the flammability of the fuel/air vapor in the CWT of the 747 was the large amount of heat generated and transferred to the CWT by air conditioning packs located directly below the tank ; with the CWT temperature raised to a sufficient level , a single ignition source could cause an explosion .
 the large amount of heat   generated  

 The attributes of the characters ( such as magic and fighting ability ) are given as numerical values which can be increased as the gamer progresses and gains rank and experience points through accomplishing goals or fighting enemies .
 the gamer   progresses  

 The Casket letters , alleged to have been written by Mary , seemed to indicate her support for the killing .
 The Casket letters   alleged  

 This compilation of a dozen accounts ( half of which , including the case of Morgan , had been previously published ) stands as a landmark work , a Puritan precursor of the true-crime miscellanies that , stripped of all religious intent , would become a staple of the genre in subsequent centuries .
 the true-crime miscellanies   stripped  

 The crossing began operating on 11 November 1989 , earlier than the iconic Brandenburg Gate crossing which opened more than a month later .
 The crossing   began  

 If the Labours precede the events in Roger Ackroyd , then the Roger Ackroyd case must have taken place around twenty years later than it was published , and so must any of the cases that refer to it .
 it   was published  

 A simple version of Minimax , stated below , deals with games such as tic-tac-toe , where each player can win , lose , or draw .
 each player   can win  

 Dune is usually in the slacks that more rare species are developed and there is a tendency for the dune slacks soil to be waterlogged and where only marsh plants can survive .
 more rare species   are developed  

 Butler Lampson now-famous vision of a personal computer was captured in the 1972 memo entitled `` Why Alto ?
 Butler Lampson now-famous vision of a personal computer   was captured  

 In eastern Sierra Leone the plateau is interspersed with high mountains , where Mount Bintumani reaches , the highest point in Sierra Leone .
 Mount Bintumani   reaches  

 Lucy Komisar added that at the scene of the Mercedes-Benz crash where Çatlı died , Mehmet Ali Ağca was found with a passport under the name of `` Mehmet Özbay '' -- an alias also used by Mehmet Ali Ağca .
 Çatlı   died  

 The earliest that Cypriniformes might have diverged from Characiphysi ( Characiformes and relatives ) is thought to be about the Early Triassic , about 250 million years ago ( mya ) .
 The earliest that Cypriniformes might have diverged from Characiphysi ( Characiformes and relatives )   is thought  

 Sino-Indian War formed up into battalions on the Indian-held south side of the river under cover of darkness , with each battalion assigned against a separate group of Rajputs .
 Sino-Indian War   formed up  

 The calls also indicated that one of the men had tied a box around Saeed al-Ghamdi torso , and claimed there was a bomb inside ; it is not known which hijacker this was .
 it   is not known  

 The industrial production system in the Soviet Union suffered a political and economic collapse in 1991 , after which two transitions occurred : first from centrally planned to market-based economies , and secondly , from state-ownership to private-ownership of economic enterprises .
 two transitions   occurred  

 Other distinctions between the various sub-disciplines of mechanics , concern the nature of the bodies being described .
 the bodies   being described  

 Although Reading Buddies began primarily as an answer to the lack of child care for literacy students , Literacy has evolved into another aspect of the program .
 Reading Buddies   began  

 These views were shared by Glenn Murcutt , who believed that a building should blend in with Sydney environment .
 a building   should blend in  

 In Greek mythology , Admetus was a king of Pherae in Thessaly , succeeding his father Pheres after whom the city was named .
 the city   was named  

 Jim Jarmusch films work on the senses much the way that some music does , unheard until it 's too late to get it out of one 's head '' .
 some music   does  

 When the night starts , the big street parties are already at full capacity .
 the night   starts  

 Downer distorted what Ma actually meant '' .
 Ma   actually meant  

 Julius Caesar passed a debt restructuring law , which ultimately eliminated about a fourth of all debts owed .
 all debts   owed  

 Note that this premise uses the phrase `` is not '' , a form of `` to be '' ; this and many other examples show that Alfred Korzybski did not intend to abandon `` to be '' as such .
 Alfred Korzybski   to be  

 The first result in that direction is the prime number theorem , proven at the end of the 19th century , which says that the probability that a given , randomly chosen number is prime is inversely proportional to Prime number number of digits , or to the logarithm of n .
 the prime number theorem   says  

 If two intersecting planes pass through Sphere center , then Sphere will subdivide the sphere into four lunes or biangles , the vertices of which all coincide with the antipodal points lying on the line of intersection of the planes .
 the vertices of which   coincide  

 The plotters , however , had anticipated this and , fearing that Antony would come to Caesar 's aid , had arranged for Trebonius to intercept Julius Caesar just as Julius Caesar approached the portico of Theatre of Pompey , where the session was to be held , and detain Julius Caesar outside .
 the session   to be held  

 Only Indians do not require Passport for travelling in Bhutan , while Bhutanese have to travel with their citizenship identity cards .
 Bhutanese   to travel  

 Manganese is part of the iron group of elements , which are thought to be synthesized in large stars shortly before the supernova explosion .
 elements   are thought  

 The love story of Rhadine made her supposed tomb on the island of Samos a pilgrimage site for star-crossed lovers in the time of Pausanias and Erato was linked again with love in Plato 's Phaedrus ; nevertheless , even in the third century BCE , when Apollonius wrote , the Muses were not yet as inextricably linked to specific types of poetry as they became .
 they   became  

 The epithet would seem to describe the poor quality of advice which Æthelred received throughout Æthelred the Unready reign , presumably from those around Æthelred the Unready , specifically from the royal council , known as the Witan .
 The epithet   would seem  

 However , while the exact sequence of all cards in Shuffling is unpredictable , it may be possible to make some probabilistic predictions about a deck that is not sufficiently randomized .
 a deck   is not sufficiently randomized  

 Munroe 's method of making Pencil was painstakingly slow , and in the neighbouring town of Acton , a pencil mill owner named Ebenezer Wood set out to automate the process at his own pencil mill located at Nashoba Brook along the old Davis Road .
 a pencil mill owner named Ebenezer Wood   set out  

 In the following decades the idea of a power project became inseparable from the seaway - in fact , the various governments involved believed that the deeper water created by the hydro project were necessary to make the seaway channels feasible .
 the various governments   involved  

 This forms the foundation for a secure operating system which , if certain critical parts are designed and implemented correctly , can ensure the absolute impossibility of penetration by hostile elements .
 certain critical parts   are designed  

 Potsdamer Platz was around this gate that Potsdamer Platz was to develop .
 Potsdamer Platz   to develop  

 They frequently used unexpected strategies , engaging in what modern generals would call psychological warfare -- waiting for the enemy to be paralyzed with terror and then attacking them suddenly ; distracting the enemy with a small group of soldiers , etc. ( El Cid used this distraction in capturing the town of Castejón as depicted in Cantar de Mio Cid ( The Song of El Cid Cid ) .
 the enemy   to be paralyzed  

 Caesar thought Julius Caesar would be prosecuted if Julius Caesar entered Rome without the immunity enjoyed by a magistrate .
 Julius Caesar   would be prosecuted  

 Liguria is where pesto is originally from , one of the most popular sauces in Italian cuisine .
 pesto   is originally  

 After MDMA was criminalized , most medical use stopped , although some therapists continued to prescribe MDMA illegally .
 MDMA   was criminalized  

 The tune was thought to have become the de facto national anthem after King George VI remained at attention during O Canada playing at the dedication of the National War Memorial in Ottawa , Ontario , on May 21 , 1939 ; though George was actually following a precedent set by his brother , Edward , the previous king of Canada , when he dedicated the Canadian National Vimy Memorial in France in 1936 .
 a precedent   set  

 The Karmapa was very well received during Yongle Emperor visit and a number of miraculous occurrences were reported .
 The Karmapa was very well received during Yongle Emperor visit and a number of miraculous occurrences   were reported  

 The two networks are generally coincident where passenger services are run .
 passenger services   are run  

 The Erpingham Camp , Orton 's take on The Bacchae , written through mid-1965 and offered to Rediffusion in October of that year , was broadcast on 27 June 1966 as the ` pride ' segment in their series Seven Deadly Sins .
 Orton 's take on The Bacchae   written  

 In February , Louis Philippe Jules Verne had been overthrown and had fled ; on 24 February a provisory government , the French Second Republic , was established , but political demonstrations continued and social tension remained .
 political demonstrations   continued  

 Hemilabile ligands contain at least two electronically different coordinating groups and form complexes where one these is easily displaced from the metal center while the other remains firmly bound ; a behaviour which has been found to increase the reactivity of catalysts when compared to the use of more traditional ligands .
 a behaviour   has been found  

 Splicing is the process by which pre-mRNA is modified to remove certain stretches of non-coding sequences called introns ; the stretches that remain include protein-coding sequences and are called exons .
 the stretches   remain  

 The Cincinnati Bengals began play in the 1968 season , finishing last in the Western Division .
 The Cincinnati Bengals   finishing last  

 In foreign policy , Abdülaziz turned to the Russian Empire for friendship , as turmoil in the Balkan provinces continued .
 turmoil in the Balkan provinces   continued  

 History of Somalia also assures the independence of the judiciary , which in turn is protected by a judicial committee ; b ) a three-tier judicial system including a supreme court , a court of appeals , and courts of first instance the laws of the civilian government which were in effect prior to the military coup d'état that saw the Barre regime into power remain in force until the laws are amended .
 the laws   are amended  

 Esotericism , given all Esotericism varied forms and Esotericism inherently multidimensional nature , can not be conveyed without going beyond purely historical information : at minimum , the study of esotericism , and in particular mysticism , requires some degree of imaginative participation in what one is studying '' .
 Esotericism , given all Esotericism varied forms and Esotericism inherently multidimensional nature   can not be conveyed  

 Manufacturing , consisting principally of processed agricultural products , accounted for about 8 % of the GDP in 1990 .
 Manufacturing   consisting principally  

 This was scaled down during the 1990s until the last detachment left South Georgia in March 2001 , after a new station had been built and occupied by the British Antarctic Survey .
 a new station   had been built  

 National Security Agency also had a ` privacy mechanism ' ; surveillance was stored encrypted ; decryption required a warrant .
 surveillance   was stored  

 Methods used include roadside speed traps set up and operated by the police and automated roadside speed camera systems , which may incorporate the use of an automatic number plate recognition system .
 roadside speed traps   set up  

 Every element of the degree n extension of F is a root of some irreducible polynomial whose degree d divides n ; by counting these roots in two different ways one establishes that where the sum is over all divisors d of n.
 one   establishes  

 Although no confirmed direct observations of the Oort cloud have been made , astronomers believe that Oort cloud is the source of all long-period and Halley-type comets entering the inner Solar System and many of the centaurs and Jupiter-family comets as well .
 no confirmed direct observations of the Oort cloud   have been made  

 After a star has formed , Main sequence creates energy at the hot , dense core region through the nuclear fusion of hydrogen atoms into helium .
 a star   has formed  

 The decline of Minoan civilization and the decline in use of bronze tools in favor of iron ones seem to be correlated .
 The decline of Minoan civilization and the decline in use of bronze tools in favor of iron ones   seem  

 In sum , the player has 9 guaranteed outs , and possibly as many as 18 , depending on what cards he expects his opponents to have .
 his opponents   to have  

 The grammars of sign languages do not usually resemble that of spoken languages used in the same geographical area ; in fact , in terms of syntax , ASL shares more with spoken Japanese than Sign language does with English .
 ASL shares more with   spoken Japanese  

 When the word `` estimator '' is used without a qualifier , Estimator usually refers to point estimation .
 the word   is used  

 The concept of a command neuron has , however , become controversial , because of studies showing that some neurons that initially appeared to fit the description were really only capable of evoking a response in a limited set of circumstances .
 some neurons   to fit  

 After gutkha is consumed , it is generally spat onto a wall or at the ground , causing an unsightly red stain that is quite resistant to the elements .
 gutkha   is consumed  

 Vurt refers to a drug/shared alternate reality that is accessed by sucking on color-coded feathers .
 a drug/shared alternate reality   is accessed  

 The whole No Depression thing was funny to us because people seemed to forget that Jeff was a bigger punk-rock fan than a country fan .
 people   seemed  

 However the illusion does not work , as the stonemason , copying techniques from France , did not make the arches the correct length needed for the illusion to be effective .
 the illusion   does not work  

 Tim Mara , Mel Hein , Pete Henry , Cal Hubbard and Jim Thorpe were a part of the original class of inductees in 1963 , while coach Bill Parcells , the most recent Giant inducted , was a part of the Class of 2013 .
 the most recent Giant   inducted  

 This means that a memory leak in a program that only runs for a short time may not be noticed and is rarely serious .
 a memory leak in a program   may not be noticed  

 The group intends to relocate the franchise to El Paso for the 2014 season when a new ballpark in the city is slated to open .
 a new ballpark in the city   to open  

 When Tung Kuo Tzu asked Zhuangzi where the Tao was , he replied that Pantheism was in the ant , the grass , the clay tile , even in excrement : `` There is nowhere where Pantheism is not ...
 Pantheism   is not  

 According to Jerome , Didymus the Blind also produced a commentary on Origen 's First Principles which tried , ultimately unsuccessfully , to interpret an orthodox understanding of the Trinity from Origen 's theology .
 a commentary on Origen 's First Principles   tried  

 The three latest codes from Æthelred 's reign seemed to have been drafted by Wulfstan .
 The three latest codes from Æthelred 's reign   seemed  

 Major won in excess of 14 million votes , the highest popular vote recorded by a British political party in a general election .
 Major   won  

 Standards for machine-readable passports have also been issued by the ICAO , with an area set aside where most of the information written as text is also printed in a manner suitable for optical character recognition .
 text   is also printed  

 If Louis XIV of France could not achieve this within the year , the war would resume .
 the war   would resume  

 Chapman 's death occurred a day before the 20th anniversary of the first broadcast of Flying Circus , with Jones commenting , `` the worst case of party-pooping in all history '' .
 Jones   commenting  

 By law , NSA 's intelligence gathering is limited to foreign communications , although domestic incidents such as the NSA warrantless surveillance controversy have occurred .
 domestic incidents such as the NSA warrantless surveillance controversy   have occurred  

 As Curtiss P-40 Warhawk turned to fly south over the west part of the island , Curtiss P-40 Warhawk were attacked near Sassari ... The attacking force consisted of 25 to 30 Bf 109s and Macchi C. 202s ... In the brief , intense battle that occurred ... the 317th claimed 21 enemy aircraft '' .
 the brief , intense battle   occurred  

 The English language term smoking appears to have entered currency in the late 18th century , before which less abbreviated descriptions of Tobacco smoking were also in use .
 The English language term smoking   appears  

 When emulators of 1980s video game consoles began to appear on home computers in the late 1990s , Atari 7800 was one of the last to be emulated .
 the last   to be emulated  

 The same result can be achieved using the convolution property as if the system is a series of filters with transfer functions of 1 / ( s + a ) and 1 / ( s + b ) .
 The same result   can be achieved  

 Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky , according to Maes , came along at a time when the nation itself was deeply divided as to what that character truly was .
 that character   truly was  

 Following a period of volcanism 1.1 billion years ago , Minnesota geological activity has been more subdued , with no volcanism or mountain formation , but with repeated incursions of the sea , which left behind multiple strata of sedimentary rock .
 Minnesota geological activity   more subdued  

 Lady Margaret Beaufort lavishly illuminated Book of Hours is open before Lady Margaret Beaufort , with its protective cloth wrapper ( called a `` chemise '' binding ) , spread out around it .
 a `` chemise   binding  

 When Nathuram Godse bowed , one of the girls flanking and supporting Gandhi , Abha Chattopadhyay , said to Nathuram Godse , `` Brother , Bapu is already late '' and tried to put Nathuram Godse off but Nathuram Godse pushed her aside and shot Gandhi in the chest three times at point-blank range with a Beretta M 1934 semi-automatic pistol .
 the girls   flanking  

 In the Bahá ' í Faith , Tobacco smoking is discouraged though not forbidden .
 Tobacco smoking   not forbidden  

 A separate paper accompanying the publication of the 2009 APG III system provided subfamilies to accommodate the families which were discontinued .
 the families   were discontinued  

 In a 1951 letter to Milton Waldman , Tolkien wrote about J. R. R. Tolkien intentions to create a `` body of more or less connected legend '' , of which `` the cycles should be linked to a majestic whole , and yet leave scope for other minds and hands , wielding paint and music and drama '' .
 the cycles   should be linked  

 Of the sixteen separate sites the body compared , leukemia was the 12th most common class of neoplastic disease , and the 11th most common cause of cancer-related death .
 the sixteen separate sites   compared  

 In 1963 , the Texans became the second AFL team to relocate .
 the second AFL team   to relocate  

 Olive oil has been suggested that long-term consumption of small quantities of this compound from olive oil may be responsible in part for the low incidence of heart disease associated with a Mediterranean diet .
 Olive oil   has been suggested  

 When this happens , an exception to the odd chip rules above can be made : if the high hand wins Split (poker) half of the pot alone , and the low half is going to be quartered , the odd chip ( if any ) from the first split should be placed in the low half , rather than being awarded to the high hand .
 this   happens  

 A new forum was built in the name of Arcadius , on the seventh hill of Constantinople , the Xērolophos , in which a column was begun to commemorate Arcadius ` victory ' over Gainas ( although the column was only completed after Arcadius ' death by Theodosius II ) .
 a column   was begun  

 In other less formal contexts , Alcohol is often called with the name of the corresponding alkyl group followed by the word `` alcohol '' , e.g. , methyl alcohol , ethyl alcohol .
 the corresponding alkyl group   followed  

 Foreign relations of the People's Republic of China trunk is notched with a hatchet , upon which the resin flows out , and , when hardened , turns into incense , which is gathered and made into lumps .
 Foreign relations of the People's Republic of China trunk   is notched  

 Philip Glass second marriage was to Luba Burtyk ; the two were divorced .
 the two   were divorced  

 Since Elizabeth would never name Elizabeth I of England successor , Cecil was obliged to proceed in secret .
 Cecil   to proceed  

 Syria , for instance , requires male citizens aged 17 -- 42 years to present a number of documents , among which an approval form of the respective military service office .
 male citizens   aged  

 Peppermint is a fast growing plant once Peppermint sprouts , Peppermint spreads very quickly .
 Peppermint is a fast growing plant once Peppermint sprouts   spreads very quickly  

 The development of any hand is largely influenced by the materials used .
 the materials   used  

 Some U.S. oil companies are alleged to be playing a part in Mauritania 's oil related corruption .
 Some U.S. oil companies   are alleged  

 An image ( from ) is an artifact that depicts or records visual perception , for example a two-dimensional picture , that has a similar appearance to some subject -- usually a physical object or a person , thus providing a depiction of Image .
 an artifact   depicts  

 Gen. George H. Thomas moved against the Confederates , Crittenden decided to attack one of the two parts of Thomas 's command at Logan 's Cross Roads near Mill Springs before the Union forces could unite .
 the Union forces   could unite  

 This , however , does not contradict with the belief that everything Predestination do , including the choices Predestination make , are predestined and predetermined by Allah .
 Predestination   make  

 In 1976 Pepsi , RKO Bottlers in Toledo , Ohio hired the first female Pepsi salesperson , Denise Muck , to coincide with the United States bicentennial celebration .
 the first female Pepsi salesperson   to coincide  

 Although less than 1 % of the population is employed in the agricultural sector , Minnesota remains a major part of the state 's economy , ranking 6th in the nation in the value of products sold .
 products   sold  

 Before donning the Guy Fawkes mask herself , Evey comes to the conclusion that V 's identity is unimportant compared to the role he plays , making his identity V for Vendetta the idea he embodies .
 the idea   embodies  

 In a telling reveal of Atari 2600 Pong heritage , by default , the right side of the screen was a mirrored duplicate of the left ; to control Atari 2600 separately , the software had to modify the patterns as the scan line was drawn .
 the scan line   was drawn  

 Such an aristocratic and exclusive club could easily have made many people in Croton jealous and hostile , and this seems to have led to its destruction .
 this   seems  

 All instruments operated successfully with the exception of a part of the ionization chamber , namely the Geiger-Müller tube , which failed in February 1965 .
 All instruments   operated successfully  

 ... James was a lot more ... subdued .
 a lot more   subdued  

 When Carlson countered that conservatives `` are always arguing against ` special rights ' for gays , '' Jerry Falwell said that equal access to housing , civil marriage , and employment are basic rights , not special rights .
 Carlson   countered  

 The elephant was replaced as the team mascot in 1963 by then-owner Charles O. Finley in favor of a Missouri mule ( it was also rumored to have been done by Finley in order to attract fans from the then heavily Democratic constituents of Missouri by replacing the traditional Republican mascot to one associated with Democrats ) .
 it   was also rumored  

 The vast majority of the French knights advanced on foot but , exhausted by walking across wet muddy terrain in heavy armour and being buffeted by thousands of arrows , English longbow were overwhelmed when the English and Welsh longbowmen , using their swords and mauls , joined the hand-to-hand fighting in support of the English men-at-arms .
 The vast majority of the French knights   advanced  

 Hellraiser leader Pinhead ( Doug Bradley ) , picks up the box and twists it back into Hellraiser original state , taking Frank 's dissected physical remnants back to Hellraiser realm with them and restoring the room to normal .
 the room   to normal  

 + → + Previously , in 2000 , a team led by P. A. Wilk identified the decay product 266Bh as decaying with identical properties to what the Japanese team had observed , thus lending support for their claim .
 the Japanese team   had observed  

 Human remains at a site dated about 8000 BC show physical characteristics similar to peoples living today in the Horn of Africa .
 a site   dated  

 India found out after the road was completed , protested against these moves and decided to look for a diplomatic solution to ensure a stable Sino-Indian border .
 the road   was completed  

 In 1990 , the release of DikuMUD , which was inspired by AberMUD , led to a virtual explosion of hack and slash MUDs based upon MUD code .
 hack and slash MUDs   based  

 The Jack of Spades , Jack of Hearts , and King of Diamonds are drawn in profile , while the rest of the court are shown in full face ; these cards are commonly called `` one-eyed '' .
 The Jack of Spades , Jack of Hearts , and King of Diamonds   are drawn  

 The Miller test ( also called the Three Prong Obscenity Test ) , is the United States Supreme Court 's test for determining whether speech or expression can be labeled obscene , in which case Miller test is not protected by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution and can be prohibited .
 Miller test   can be prohibited  

 Not all applications absolutely need the assured integrity that these systems provide , but many do , such as financial transaction processing .
 many   do  

 Two species of elm bark beetle , one of them native , are known to carry the disease in North America .
 Two species of elm bark beetle   are known  

 In that case , to avoid potential confusion , one often writes where the lower limit of 0 − is shorthand notation for This limit emphasizes that any point mass located at 0 is entirely captured by the Laplace transform .
 the lower limit of 0   is shorthand  

 Although Whitelaw was given a hereditary peerage , the title became extinct on William Whitelaw, 1st Viscount Whitelaw death as William Whitelaw, 1st Viscount Whitelaw daughters were unable to inherit .
 1st Viscount Whitelaw daughters   to inherit  

 In the United Kingdom , current best practice is to follow up a single raised clinic reading with ambulatory measurement , or less ideally with home blood pressure monitoring over the course of 7 days .
 a single raised clinic   reading  

 Jet stream is thought to be one of the reasons most of the Hawaii Islands have been resistant to the long list of Hawaii hurricanes that have approached .
 Hawaii hurricanes   have approached  

 Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces once numbered 550 men though Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces present size is not known .
 Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces present size   is not known  

 The Giants defense finished 13th overall under Sheridan , giving up 324.9 yards per game , and the final two losses of the season against Carolina and Minnesota , in which the Giants gave up 85 points , ultimately led to the firing .
 The Giants defense   finished 13th overall  

 Lady Elliot Island is located 1915 km southeast of Bramble Cay as the crow flies .
 the crow   flies  

 Predestination is a surface or a line stretched out : the edges or ends of which are fully `` visible '' to God , so that He is in a somewhat spatial sense `` omnipresent '' with regard to time .
 a line   stretched out  

 The songs were written by Arthur Schwartz and Howard Dietz , and some were created for the original 1931 Broadway musical also called The Band Wagon , with a book by George S. Kaufman and starring Fred Astaire and his sister Adele .
 some   were created  

 Although Conté / Thoreau 's system is widely accepted , not all manufacturers follow Pencil ; for example , Faber-Castell uses a different equivalence table in Pencil Grip 2001 pencils : 1 = 2B , 2 = B , 2 = HB , 3 = H , 4 = 2H .
 Conté / Thoreau 's system   is widely accepted  

 John was incensed about what John, King of England perceived as an abrogation of John, King of England customary right as monarch to influence the election .
 John   was incensed  

 However the same metal can also be vulnerable to fatigue damage through repeated use or from sudden stress failure when a load capacity is exceeded .
 a load capacity   is exceeded  

 The discord between conflicting visions of Mauritanian society as either black or Arab , again rose to the surface during the inter-communal violence that broke out in April 1989 ( the `` 1989 Events '' ) , when a Mauritania-Senegal border dispute escalated into violence between the two communities .
 a Mauritania-Senegal border dispute   escalated  

 Later work by Paul Cohen ( 1966 ) showed that the addition of urelements is not needed , and the axiom of choice is unprovable in ZF .
 the addition of urelements   is not needed  

 By the time of the Reformation Alfred was seen as being a pious Christian ruler , who promoted the use of English rather than Latin , and so the translations that Alfred the Great commissioned were viewed as untainted by the later Roman Catholic influences of the Normans .
 the Great   commissioned  

 The period during and after the Reformation , coinciding with the growth of printed literature , saw the growth of an immense body of New Latin literature , on all kinds of secular as well as religious subjects .
 The period during and after the Reformation   coinciding  

 Because , although men do those good things which pertain to God 's worship , He Himself makes them to do what He has commanded ; Predestination is not Predestination that cause Him to do what He has promised .
 He   has commanded  

 Oppenheimer informed Pash that he had been approached by a fellow professor at Berkeley , Haakon Chevalier , about passing information to the Soviet Union .
 he   had been approached  

 In 1996 , the film adaptation by David Cronenberg was met by a tabloid uproar in the UK , with the Daily Mail campaigning actively for it to be banned .
 the Daily Mail   campaigning actively  

 Park Place , a shopping centre that is planned to be built in Central Croydon by Minerva .
 a shopping centre   is planned  

 Alfred the Great is regarded as a saint by some Catholics , but an attempt by king Henry VI in 1441 to have Alfred the Great canonized was unsuccessful .
 the Great   canonized  

 ( 1 Peter 2:13,14 ) Pro-polygamists argue that , as long as Polygamy currently do not obtain legal marriage licenses nor seek `` common law marriage status '' for additional spouses , no enforced laws are being broken any more than when monogamous couples who similarly co-habitate without a marriage license .
 when monogamous couples   similarly co-habitate  

 During this period , the case system , once vigorous in Ugaritic , seems to have started decaying in Northwest Semitic .
 the case system , once vigorous in Ugaritic   to have started  

 Turtles which were relocated exhibited this effect with constancy .
 Turtles   were relocated  

 After such an action is brought , the association would be entitled to identify additional consumers for a one-month period .
 such an action   is brought  

 Alcohols fell into general disuse as more efficient rocket fuels were developed .
 more efficient rocket fuels   were developed  

 At an appeal hearing years later , Hanratty 's conviction was upheld after DNA evidence matched .
 DNA evidence   matched  

 The earliest versions of OpenGL were released with a companion library called GLU , the OpenGL Utility Library .
 The earliest versions of OpenGL   were released  

 Henry the Young King father , however , is reputed to have failed to delegate authority to Henry the Young King son , retaining power in England .
 Henry the Young King father   is reputed  

 Another famous scene portrayed is that of Achilles ' victorious battle against Penthesilea during the Trojan war .
 Another famous scene   portrayed  

 In 2000 Art Zoyd released a musical interpretation of the novel titled u.B.I.Q.U.e.
 the novel   titled  

 Ballard 's parody of American politics , the pamphlet `` Why J. G. Ballard Want to Fuck Ronald Reagan '' , which was subsequently included as a chapter in J. G. Ballard experimental novel The Atrocity Exhibition , was photocopied and distributed by pranksters at the 1980 Republican National Convention .
 the pamphlet `` Why J. G. Ballard Want to Fuck Ronald Reagan '' , which was subsequently included as a chapter in J. G. Ballard experimental novel The Atrocity Exhibition   was photocopied  

 Ballard was born and raised in the Shanghai International Settlement , an area under foreign control where people `` lived an American style of life '' .
 Ballard   was born  

 Half a century later Joseph Conrad explained that `` The Polishness in Joseph Conrad works comes from Mickiewicz and Słowacki .
 The Polishness in Joseph Conrad   works  

 The Oedipus complex , Freud explained tirelessly , was the nucleus of the neurosis and the foundational source of all art , myth , religion , philosophy , therapy -- indeed of all human culture and civilization .
 Freud   explained tirelessly  

 Mailbox Road is where the infamous `` Black mailbox '' used to be located .
 the infamous `` Black mailbox   to be located  

 During this time , the prestige of the language , Sanskrit use for sacred purposes , and the importance attached to Sanskrit correct enunciation all served as powerful conservative forces resisting the normal processes of linguistic change .
 the importance   attached  

 He developed to be an indecisive person , a character defect which would follow Willem V for his whole life .
 He   developed  

 Anyone who wishes to can become a member .
 Anyone   wishes  

 In 553 the Second Council of Constantinople condemned Didymus the Blind works , along with those of Origen and Evagrius , but not Didymus the Blind person .
 Didymus   works  

 Juliet ( b. 1968 ) and Zachary ( b. 1971 ) are Philip Glass children from Philip Glass first marriage , to theater director JoAnne Akalaitis ( married 1965 , divorced 1980 ) .
 married 1965   divorced  

 George Martin suggested to EMI ( after the release of `` From Me to You '' ) that the royalty rate should be doubled without asking for anything in return , which led to Martin being thought of as a `` traitor in EMI '' .
 the royalty rate   should be doubled  

 In Rio de Janeiro , the bird can be easily seen at the Aterro do Flamengo gardens - where Monk Parakeet nests on palm trees and feeds on their fruit ; the Rio birds seem to favor nesting amid the leaves of coconut palm trees - as well as in the vicinity of the neighboring domestic flight terminal , the Santos Dumont Airport and in the gardens of Quinta da Boa Vista , where communal nests of roughly one meter in diameter have been seem .
 communal nests of roughly one meter in diameter   have been seem  

 If two air masses of different temperatures or densities meet , the resulting pressure difference caused by the density difference ( which causes wind ) is highest within the transition zone .
 the resulting pressure difference   caused  

 Existing integer registers are extended as are all related data pathways , but , as was the case with IA-32 , both floating point and vector units had been operating at or above 64 bits for several years .
 units   had been operating  

 The decision met mixed reactions from communities , with many arguing that the termination of product support is significantly belated .
 the termination of product support   is significantly belated  

 Few seem to have remarked on the fact that tablature combines in one notation system both the physical and technical requirements of play ( the lines and symbols on them and in relation to each other representing the actual performance actions ) with the unfolding of the music Musical notation ( the lines of tablature taken horizontally represent the actual temporal unfolding of the music ) .
 Few   to have remarked  

 However , according to Helmholz ( 1986 ) , canon law in this situation would not mitigate the illegitimacy of Edward 's sons as , if the pre-contract existed , it would have meant that adultery had taken place on the part of Edward with Elizabeth .
 the pre-contract   existed  

 His sweet tooth , shown through his fondness for sugar lumps , was based on a French belief that one of the traits of the English is a liking for sweets .
 His sweet tooth   shown  

 In the US , murder is the leading cause of death for African American males aged 15 to 34 .
 African American males   aged  

 After the King was in arm 's reach of Cromwell , Oliver Cromwell was eager to find out what conditions the King would be willing to compromise on if Oliver Cromwell authority was restored .
 Oliver Cromwell authority   was restored  

 On the whole , however , John Updike is extremely well regarded as a writer who mastered many genres , wrote with intellectual vigor and a powerful prose style , with `` shrewd insight into the sorrows , frustrations , and banality of American life '' .
 On the whole , however , John Updike is extremely well regarded as a writer   wrote  

 Ribbentrop 's personality , with Joachim von Ribbentrop disdain for diplomatic niceties , meshed with what Hitler felt should be the relentless dynamism of a revolutionary regime .
 Hitler   felt  

 Manx shares with Scottish Gaelic the partial loss of contrastive palatalisation of labial consonants ; thus while in Irish the velarised consonants contrast phonemically with palatalised , in Scottish Gaelic and Manx , the phonemic contrast has been lost to some extent .
 the velarised consonants contrast phonemically   palatalised  

 In James Lovelock most recent book , `` The Vanishing Face of Gaia '' , James Lovelock rejects scientific modelling that disagrees with the scientific findings that sea levels are rising faster , and Arctic ice is melting faster , than the models predict and James Lovelock suggests that we may already be beyond the tipping point of terrestrial climate into a permanently hot state .
 Arctic ice   is melting faster  

 Samples of scripture , including the Lord 's Prayer , were published in 52 oriental languages , most of them not previously found in such collections , translated by the brethren of the Serampore Mission and printed at the mission press there in 1818 .
 Samples of scripture , including the Lord 's Prayer   were published  

 John Brown (abolitionist) was born during the same period of time that the Haitian Revolution , which saw Haitian slaves revolting against the French .
 Haitian slaves   revolting  

 At the start of the 19th century , Legendre and Gauss independently conjectured that as x tends to infinity , the number of primes up to x is asymptotic to x/ln ( x ) , where ln ( x ) is the natural logarithm of x.
 x   to infinity  

 However , in 1960 , Super Bowl encountered Super Bowl most serious competitor when the American Football League ( AFL ) was formed .
 the American Football League   was formed  

 In the post-war era , with the popularity of superheroes fading , Captain America led Timely 's first superhero team , the All-Winners Squad , in Captain America two published adventures , in All Winners Comics 19 and 21 ( Fall -- Winter 1946 ; there was no issue 20 ) .
 the popularity of superheroes   fading  

 Subsequent video games and the television series have also fared well with both critics and fans ; critics consider the episodic video games to be the first successful application of the episodic distribution model .
 Subsequent video games and the television series   have also fared well  

 From here , the energy generated at the core becomes free to propagate out into space .
 the energy generated at the core   to propagate out  

 In 1935 , when China and Hong Kong abandoned the silver standard , the Hong Kong dollar was pegged to sterling at the fixed rate of 1 shilling and 3 pence , whereas the pataca was pegged to the Portuguese escudo at a sterling equivalent rate of only 1 shilling .
 the fixed rate of 1   shilling  

 The interior chamber is at most 53 Å wide , though the entrance can be as narrow as 13 Å , suggesting that substrate proteins must be at least partially unfolded to enter .
 substrate proteins   at least partially unfolded  

 Once clearing settlements had been established and logging for iron ore smelting was under way , the widespread destruction of the forest began .
 clearing settlements   had been established  

 Hawks could not find a panther that would work for the film ; Baby was changed to a leopard so Bringing Up Baby could cast the trained leopard Nissa ( who had worked in films for eight years , making several B-movies ) .
 a leopard   so Bringing  

 When the tRNA has an amino acid linked to Protein biosynthesis , it is termed `` charged '' .
 it   charged  

 Wilder felt Lemmon had a natural tendency toward overacting that had to be tempered ; the Wilder biography Nobody 's Perfect quotes the director as saying , `` Lemmon , Jack Lemmon would describe Jack Lemmon as a ham , a fine ham , and with ham you have to trim a little fat '' .
 a natural tendency toward overacting   to be tempered  

 In addition to the ability to add sound files , the presentation can be designed to run , like a movie , on Microsoft PowerPoint own .
 the presentation   to run  

 Julia Child did n't suffer fools , if you know what Julia Child mean '' .
 Julia Child   mean  

 Theseus declares to Hippolyta that , although he `` wooed Hippolyta with his sword , '' he will wed Hippolyta `` with pomp , with triumph , and with revelling '' and promises to begin a celebration that will continue until the wedding ( Ii. 19 ) .
 he   will wed  

 The loud bang that is heard is the super heated air around the lightning bolt expanding at the speed of sound .
 the lightning bolt   expanding  

 As the Treaty of Munster was about to be signed , thereby ending the Eighty Years ' War , William tried to extend his powers beyond the military to make his function valuable at peace , at the great distress of the regents .
 the Treaty of Munster   to be signed  

 Warm air has a lower density than cool air , so warm air rises within cooler air ( this effect can be seen with a hot air balloon ) .
 this effect   can be seen  

 The ego develops slowly and gradually , being concerned with mediating between the urgings of the id and the realities of the external world ; Psychoanalysis thus operates on the ` reality principle ' .
 Psychoanalysis   thus operates  

 Rashtrakuta King Amoghavarsha is said to have composed a Sanskrit text .
 Rashtrakuta King Amoghavarsha   is said  

 The region was one of the four riverine civilizations where writing was invented ( it being the first ) , along with the Nile valley in Egypt , the Indus Valley in the Indian subcontinent , and Yellow River valley in China ( although writing is also known to have arisen independently in Mesoamerica ) .
 writing   is also known  

 For example , in Stephen Jay Gould book The God Delusion , Richard Dawkins argues that the division between religion and science is not as simple as it seems , as few religions exist without claiming the existence of miracles , which `` by definition , violate the principles of science '' .
 few religions   exist  

 According to Icelandic folklore , the horseshoe shaped canyon Ásbyrgi located in Jökulsárgljúfur National Park , northern Iceland was formed by Sleipnir hoof .
 the horseshoe   shaped  

 Bodman 's also runs the number 24 bus between Salisbury and Warminster , which replaced the X4/X5 service which used to run between Salisbury and Bath .
 the X4/X5 service   to run  

 This language seems to have primarily been a creole of the Dwarvish Khuzdul and some Avarin dialects , and it is almost wholly unclear which parts ( if any ) of Adûnaic vocabulary and structure were purely `` Mannish '' in origin , though the answer is probably very little ( it is stated that Finrod Felagund was able to quickly master Taliska purely by determining the various changes undergone by Adûnaic Avarin component from Primitive Quendian ) .
 This language   seems  

 The infantry would proceed close behind a creeping barrage placed down by light field guns , advancing in timed 100 yd increments .
 The infantry   would proceed close  

 All cities where a local government unit that holds that status is abolished have to be re-issued with letters patent reconfirming city status following local government reorganisation where that holder has been abolished .
 where a local government unit that holds that status is abolished   to be re-issued  

 Tertullian seems to suggest that the majority of believers at that time favoured the Sabellian view of the oneness of God .
 Tertullian   seems  

 In 1968 , Paul Ehrlich noted in The Population Bomb that , `` We must cut the cancer of population growth , '' and that , `` if this was not done , there would be only one other solution , namely the ` death rate solution ' in which we raise the death rate through war-famine-pestilence etc. '' In the same year , another prominent modern advocate for mandatory population control was Garrett Hardin , who proposed in his landmark 1968 essay The Tragedy of the Commons that society must relinquish the `` freedom to breed '' through `` mutual coercion , mutually agreed upon '' .
 this   was not done  

 This object , known as Nemesis , was hypothesized to pass through a portion of Oort cloud approximately every 26 million years , bombarding the inner Solar System with comets .
 This object , known as Nemesis   was hypothesized  

 `` This to Steven Spielberg says that movies of Steven Spielberg generation had better be good '' .
 movies of Steven Spielberg generation   had better  

 Half a dozen or more times a day , Potsdamer Platz ground to a halt while a train of 60 to 100 wagons trundled through at walking pace preceded by a railway official ringing a bell .
 60 to 100 wagons   trundled  

 RightObtuseAcute Oblique Triangles are assumed to be two-dimensional plane figures , unless the context provides otherwise ( see Non-planar triangles , below ) .
 RightObtuseAcute Oblique Triangles   are assumed  

 In the event , the only civic honour given was that of a lord mayoralty to Coventry .
 the only civic honour   given  

 The amount of energy required to induce the transition is more than the amount required to heat the water from room temperature to just short of boiling temperature , which is why evaporation is useful for cooling .
 evaporation   for cooling  

 The plan of Bartholdi having been approved , the Union Franco-Americaine raised more than 1 million francs throughout France for the building of Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi .
 The plan of Bartholdi   having been approved  

 This occurs because the deposits of silt and sediment begin to clog Mississippi River channel , raising the river 's level and causing Mississippi River to eventually find a steeper , more direct route to the Gulf of Mexico .
 the deposits of silt and sediment   begin  

 The condition of having tritones is called tritonia ; that of having no tritones is atritonia .
 that of having no tritones   is atritonia  

 Another of Eisenstein 's films , 1927 's , depicted the Bolshevik perspective on the October Revolution , culminating in the storming of the Winter Palace which provided Soviet viewers with the victory that the workers and peasants lacked in Battleship Potemkin , ending with Lenin ( as played by an unknown worker ) declaring that the government is overthrown .
 the government   is overthrown  

 The final ten seconds are counted down , and if the time expires the player to move loses the game immediately .
 the time   expires  

 The film pays a great deal of attention to Shatner 's interviews with Stewart at Patrick Stewart home in Oxfordshire as well as at a Star Trek Convention in Las Vegas , Nevada ; Stewart reveals the fear and personal failings that came along with Patrick Stewart tenure as a Starfleet captain , but also the great triumphs Patrick Stewart believes accompanied Patrick Stewart role as Captain Jean-Luc Picard .
 personal failings   came along  

 At the same time as the Servian text was produced , however , other and lesser scholars also created their editions of Satires (Juvenal) : it is these on which most medieval manuscripts of Satires (Juvenal) are based .
 the Servian text   was produced  

 Hippothoon is an Eleusinian hero who was worshipped according to honorary decrees dating to the 4th century BC .
 an Eleusinian hero   was worshipped  

 Because the content is encrypted , any changes in the message will result in failure of the decryption with the appropriate key .
 the content   is encrypted  

 Pakistan Olympic medal tally stands at 10 of which 8 were earned in hockey .
 Pakistan Olympic medal tally   stands  

 Construction of Central Pacific Railroad was financed primarily by 30-year , 6 % U.S. government bonds authorized by Sec. 5 of the Pacific Railroad Act of 1862 .
 Construction of Central Pacific Railroad   was financed primarily  

 A monument to the huge human cost of some of the gigantic construction projects of the early Ming is the Yangshan Quarry ( located some east of the walled city an Ming Xiaoling ) , where a gigantic stele , cut on the orders of the Yongle Emperor , lies abandoned , just as it was left 600 years ago when it was understood it was impossible to move or erect Nanjing .
 the Yangshan Quarry   located  

 Moreover , this research shows the amount of doses consumed does not significantly predict memory performance .
 doses   consumed  

 In April 1429 , the commission of inquiry `` declared Joan of Arc to be of irreproachable life , a good Christian , possessed of the virtues of humility , honesty and simplicity '' .
 a good Christian   possessed  

 In marketing generally and in retailing more specifically , Loyalty program , rewards card , points card , advantage card , or Loyalty program is a plastic or paper card , visually similar to a credit card or debit card , that identifies the card holder as a member in Loyalty program .
 rewards   card  

 The first prominent Livonian to be christened was their leader Caupo of Turaida .
 The first prominent Livonian   to be christened  

 ( One exception is the throubes olive , which can be eaten fresh .
 the throubes olive   can be eaten  

 Functionally this is a fast escape response , triggered most easily by a strong sound wave or pressure wave impinging on the lateral line organ of the fish .
 pressure wave   impinging  

 Jeff Evans also comments that the series was filmed cinematically , dabbling in `` dream sequences , flashbacks , fantasies and , on one occasion , a Moonlighting-esque parody of the film Press Gang 's a Wonderful Life '' .
 the series   was filmed cinematically  

 James Sheptycki has analyzed the effects of the new information technologies on the organization of policing-intelligence and suggests that a number of ` organizational pathologies ' have arisen that make the functioning of security-intelligence processes in transnational policing deeply problematic .
 a number of ` organizational pathologies   have arisen  

 Even today , the procedure is credited with ending the devastation caused by the early epidemics , and vaccination , in many ways an updated and modernized form of the procedure , continues to be recommended by the Centers for Disease Control for at-risk populations , such as potential victims of bioterrorism , and research scientists who work with surviving strains of the virus .
 vaccination , in many ways an updated and modernized form of the procedure   continues  

 One way that dunes can move is by saltation , where sand particles skip along the ground like a bouncing ball .
 sand particles   skip  

 The inability to marry may be due to differences in social rank ( including slave status ) , or because the man is already married .
 The inability   to marry  

 MDMA 's unusual entactogenic effects have been hypothesized to be , at least partly , the result of indirect oxytocin secretion via activation of the serotonin system .
 MDMA 's unusual entactogenic effects   have been hypothesized  

 Other theories existed , including the Greek philosopher Anaxamines ' ( 585 -- 526 BCE ) beliefs that short incline episodes of dryness and wetness caused seismic activity .
 Other theories   existed  

 On October 6 , 2012 , an undersea fiber optic provider , eFive , agreed to reroute a cable connecting Africa to South America through Saint Helena after a successful lobbying campaign by A Human Right a San Francisco-based NGA working on initiatives to ensure all people are connected to the internet .
 all people   are connected  

 In modern operating systems , normal memory used by an application is released when the application terminates .
 the application   terminates  

 The entire matter , as many French and British scientists and researchers have proven , is nothing more than a huge Israeli plot aimed at extorting the German government in particular and the European countries in general .
 many French and British scientists and researchers   have proven  

 In this case , the actual counting of time ( verbally ) begins once the player falls below a certain threshold of time , such as 10 minutes ; when the time is being counted , the player is informed at intervals how much time Byoyomi have used in their current period , and how many extra periods Byoyomi have left .
 Byoyomi   have left  

 Stanley Henning proposes that the Epitaphs identification of the internal martial arts with the Taoism indigenous to China and of the external martial arts with the foreign Buddhism of Shaolin -- and the Manchu Qing Dynasty to which Huang Zongxi was opposed -- was an act of political defiance rather than one of technical classification .
 Huang Zongxi   was opposed  

 After the firefight has been won , the now compromised Ambush patrol must leave the area as soon as it is practical to do so .
 the firefight   has been won  

 As a result of the US Women 's National Team 's ( US WNT ) first-place showing in the 1999 FIFA Women 's World Cup , a seemingly viable market for the sport germinated .
 a result of the US Women 's National Team 's ( US WNT ) first-place   germinated  

 A story that ran for several weeks in the Sunday comics of Li'l Abner during 1967 concerned the creation of a joke , never actually revealed , that was so funny that anyone who heard it immediately died laughing .
 anyone who heard it immediately   laughing  

 A long , narrow strip of desert known as Ad Dahna separates Najd from eastern Arabia , which slopes eastward to the sandy coast along the Persian Gulf .
 eastern Arabia   slopes eastward  

 In it , Michael Palin plays the Reverend Charles Fortescue , who is recalled from Africa to aid prostitutes .
 the Reverend Charles Fortescue   is recalled  

 Truman Capote famously said about Jack Kerouac work , `` That 's not writing , it 's typing '' .
 That   's not writing  

 Given the recent appearance of very affordable consumer grade SATA interface Solid-state drives that offer zero mechanical latency , a fivefold speedup over even an eight drive RAID array can be had for a smaller investment .
 even an eight drive RAID array   can be had  

 Wu Chinese `` muddy '' consonants are slack voice , the primary effect of which is a slightly breathy quality of the following vowel Javanese contrasts slack and stiff voiced bilabial , dental , retroflex , and velar stops .
 velar   stops  

 Mazda MX-5 included 10-spoke 17-inch alloy wheels with a unique silver finish , front fog lights , chrome trims ( around the grille , headlamps and fog lights ) , body-coloured roll bars and a supporting strut brace .
 chrome   trims  

 A 2004 computer model by Alessandro Morbidelli of the Observatoire de la Côte d'Azur in Nice suggested that the formation of a 1:2 resonance between Jupiter and Saturn ( due to interactions with planetesimals that caused them to migrate inward and outward , respectively ) created a gravitational push that propelled both Uranus and Neptune into higher orbits , and in some scenarios caused them to switch places , which would have doubled Neptune 's distance from the Sun .
 them   to migrate inward  

 T. F. O'Rahilly expressed the opinion that Gaelic in the Isle of Man was saddled with a corrupt spelling which is neither traditional nor phonetic ; if the traditional Gaelic orthography had been preserved , the close kinship that exists between Manx Gaelic and Scottish Gaelic would be obvious to all at first sight .
 the traditional Gaelic orthography   had been preserved  

 This inflationary environment , however , is expected to come to an end as soon as the Central Bank assumes full control of monetary policy and replaces the presently circulating currency introduced by the private sector .
 This inflationary environment   is expected  

 The fourth Labour member in the ministry after Watson , Hughes , and Lee Batchelor , Andrew Fisher was promoted to deputy leader of the party in 1905 .
 The fourth Labour member in the ministry after Watson , Hughes , and Lee Batchelor , Andrew Fisher   was promoted  

 Some U.S. units in Iraq use Shotgun with special frangible breaching rounds to blow the locks off doors when they are making a surprise entry into a dwelling .
 Some U.S. units in Iraq   Shotgun  

 However , Thompson et al. theorise that any society consisting of only one perspective , be Egalitarianism egalitarianist , hierarchist , individualist , fatalist or autonomist , will be inherently unstable : the claim is that an interplay between all these perspectives are required if each perspective is to be fulfilling .
 an interplay between all these perspectives   are required  

 In 784 Kammu shifted Emperor Kammu capital from Nara to Nagaoka-kyō in a move that was said to be designed to edge the powerful Nara Buddhist establishments out of state politics -- while the capital moved , the major Buddhist temples , and their officials , stayed put .
 a move   was said  

 It should be noted there is no convincing evidence that Johnson was in fact refused passage on the Titanic because of Jack Johnson (boxer) race , as these songs allege .
 these songs   allege  

 The King had besieged Leeds after she had refused Edward 's consort Isabella of France admittance in her husband 's absence ; when the latter sought to force an entry , Lady Badlesmere instructed her archers to fire upon Isabella and her party , six of whom were killed .
 six of whom   were killed  

 Whether children are fully informed of the nature of Polyamory parents ' relationship varies , according to the above considerations and also to whether the parents are `` out '' to other adults .
 Whether children are fully informed of the nature of Polyamory parents ' relationship   varies  

 The press summaries Joachim von Ribbentrop provided were particularly important , as Ribbentrop had managed to convince Hitler that the British government secretly controlled the British press , and just as in Germany , nothing appeared in the British press that the British government did not want to appear .
 the British government   to appear  

 In central Europe , Marcus Aurelius fought the Marcomanni , Quadi , and Sarmatians with success during the Marcomannic Wars , with the threat of the Germanic tribes beginning to represent a troubling reality for the Empire .
 the threat of the Germanic tribes   beginning  

 A slope factor of less than 0.95 indicates that the electrode is not functioning correctly .
 the electrode   is not functioning correctly  

 The emerald ash borer ( Agrilus planipennis or Agrilus marcopoli and EAB ) is a green beetle native to Asia .
 Agrilus   planipennis  

 In the center of the 40-foot-long Spanish marble carving is a tablet displaying Roman numerals Moses through X , with some numbers partially hidden .
 some numbers   hidden  

 Towns like Mangazeya , Tara , Yeniseysk and Tobolsk sprang up , the last being declared the capital of Siberia .
 Towns like Mangazeya , Tara , Yeniseysk and Tobolsk   sprang up  

 for a proposed national UK tour , but the play was shelved when Howerd was offered a chance by Larry Gelbart to reprise his role as Pseudolus in A Funny Thing Happened On The Way To The Forum at the Piccadilly Theatre in London 's West End .
 A Funny Thing   Happened  

 China originally had close ties with the anti-apartheid and liberation movement , African National Congress ( ANC ) , in South Africa , but as China 's relations with the Soviet Union worsened and the ANC moved closer to the Soviet Union , China shifted away from the ANC towards the Pan-Africanist Congress .
 China 's relations with the Soviet Union   worsened  

 Manatee have been known to eat small amounts of fish from nets .
 Manatee   have been known  

 Stephen King 's gon na produce another book , and Stephen King 'll have another book to read .
 another book   to read  

 Alexander Zotov , the Soviet Ambassador , said in November 1989 that Syria 's change of foreign policy was necessary , that Syria should cease aspiring for a strategic balance with Israel and settle for `` reasonable defensive sufficiency '' , and that the Soviet-Syrian arms trade would also be changed .
 the Soviet-Syrian arms trade   would also be changed  

 One defect of an instruction set with many hidden side effects is that , if many instructions have side effects on a single piece of state , like condition codes , then the logic required to update that state sequentially may become a performance bottleneck .
 the logic   required  

 After `` leaving Culiacan on April 22 , Coronado followed the coast , `` bearing off to the left , '' as Mota Padilla says , by an extremely rough way , to the Sinaloa .
 Mota Padilla   says  

 The United States Agency for International Development , however , withdrew US$ 10 million from the Fund in March 1985 based on allegations that coercion had been used .
 coercion   had been used  

 As a graduate student , John Horton Conway proved the conjecture by Edward Waring that every integer could be written as the sum of 37 numbers , each raised to the fifth power , though Chen Jingrun solved the problem independently before the work could be published .
 the work   could be published  

 But before he was permanently retired , Oswald made a final cameo appearance in The Woody Woodpecker Polka ( 1951 ) , also in three-strip Technicolor , which by then had become the norm in the cartoon industry .
 he   was permanently retired  

 At least one study appears to show that the sea level in Maldives dropped throughout the 1970s and '80s , although later studies failed to back this up .
 At least one study   appears  

 Pope Innocent XI , born Benedetto Odescalchi , was the head of the Catholic Church from 21 September 1676 to Pope Innocent XI death in 1689 .
 Pope Innocent XI   born  

 The gamma ray source was placed in the center of a metal sphere surrounded by the explosive lenses , which in turn were inside in an ionization chamber .
 a metal sphere   surrounded  

 Preliminary life-cycle analysis ( LCA ) indicates that such distributed recycling of HDPE to make filament of 3-D printers in rural regions is energetically favorable to either using virgin resin or conventional recycling processes because of reductions in transportation energy Once commingled recyclates are collected and delivered to a central collection facility , the different types of materials must be sorted .
 commingled recyclates   are collected  

 Other restaurants , such as Carluccio 's , support the appeal year-round ; Carluccio 's generously donate 50p for each Penne Giardiniera sold .
 each Penne Giardiniera   sold  

 Only the extreme northwest was glaciated during the Quaternary , but almost all is under exceptionally deep permafrost and the only tree that can thrive , despite the warm summers , is the deciduous Siberian Larch ( Larix sibirica ) with Siberia very shallow roots .
 the only tree   can thrive  

 Hapticity ( represented by η ) refers to the number of contiguous atoms that comprise a donor site and attach to a metal center .
 contiguous atoms   attach  

 The last international treaty to be written in Latin was the Treaty of Vienna in 1738 ; after the War of the Austrian Succession ( 1740 -- 48 ) international diplomacy was conducted predominantly in French .
 the War of the Austrian Succession   was conducted predominantly  

 With the size of his imperial realm significantly reduced , Francis II , Holy Roman Emperor became Francis I , Emperor of Austria .
 the size of his imperial realm   significantly reduced  

 In October 2007 , the United Nations released a two-year study that stated , that although hired as `` security guards '' , private contractors were performing military duties .
 a two-year study   stated  

 Lefebvre declared that Marcel Lefebvre and the other clerics involved had not `` separated themselves from Rome '' and were therefore not schismatic and that they `` found themselves in a case of necessity '' , not having succeeded , as they said , in making `` Rome '' understand that `` this change which has occurred in the Church '' since the Second Vatican Council was `` not Catholic '' .
 the other clerics   involved  

 This costs additional propellant because the parking orbit perigee must be high enough to prevent reentry while direct injection can have an arbitrarily low perigee because Spaceflight will never be reached .
 Spaceflight   will never be reached  

 In 1953 a law created the ENI , Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi , into which Agip was merged .
 Agip   was merged  

 Arcadia was a district of mountain people whom other Greeks disdained .
 other Greeks   disdained  

 : Two inside lanes : wide each : Catwalk , curb and rail width : on each side Five workers died during the construction of Mackinac Bridge .
 Two inside lanes   curb  

 Screenwriters Betty Comden and Adolph Green , who received the nomination for the screenplay , patterned The Band Wagon characters Lester and Lily Marton after themselves , although the fictional characters were a married couple and Comden and Green were not romantically involved .
 Comden and Green   romantically involved  

 In an interview with Anderson Cooper , Oscar reveals that he would still be orange if he bathed ; his green exterior is apparently moss .
 he   bathed  

 Critias mentions an allegedly historical tale that would make the perfect example , and follows by describing Atlantis as is recorded in the Critias .
 follows   Critias  

 On 18 August 2004 , Johannes Rau had to undergo serious heart surgery , in which an artificial heart valve was inserted .
 an artificial heart valve   was inserted  

 and Robbin Crosby eats a lot more than Robbin Crosby do .
 a lot more than Robbin Crosby   do  

 Although Runge had no understanding of how decomposition occurred , the chemical had been used to treat the wood used for railway ties and ships since it protected the wood from rotting .
 decomposition   occurred  

 Facing towards West Berlin was the proclamation DER KLUGE BERLINER KAUFT BEI DER H.O. ( The Wise Berliner Buys With The H.O. ) Underneath were the words NÄCHSTE VERKAUFSSTELLEN ( Next Sales Premises ) , between two arrows pointing left and right , suggesting that large shopping developments were forthcoming in the immediate vicinity , although these never appeared .
 these   never appeared  

 According to Ahmadiyya thought , Messiahship is a phenomenon through which a special emphasis is given on the transformation of a people by way of offering suffering for the sake of God instead of giving suffering ( i.e. refraining from revenge ) .
 a special emphasis   is given  

 However , Cypriniformes differ from most of their relatives in having only a dorsal fin on their back ; most other Ostariophysi have a small fleshy adipose fin behind the dorsal fin .
 Cypriniformes   differ  

 Fisher understood that female preference for long tails may be passed on genetically , in conjunction with genes for the long tail Sexual selection .
 female preference for long tails   may be passed on genetically  

 A great German victory must occur before any negotiations should be undertaken , Joseph Goebbels reasoned .
 any negotiations   should be undertaken  

 Most of these differ substantially from the English commonly spoken elsewhere in Canada .
 Most of these   differ substantially  

 The system was configured with the pump running continually to keep the water level low ; on loss of electrical power , all of the water would flow back into the tube , shutting down S7G reactor .
 the pump   running continually  

 The class is named after the first ship of this class to be completed ( the ) .
 the first ship of this class   to be completed  

 Besides the great trilogy , Clement 's only other extant work is the treatise Salvation for the rich , also known as Who is the Rich Man who is Saved ?
 the Rich Man   is Saved  

 Of Laconia 's original complement of 2,732 , only 1,113 survived .
 only 1,113   survived  

 Steve Ditko added Steve Ditko would continue drawing Spider-Man `` if nothing better comes along '' .
 nothing better   comes  

 As late as the early 1930s , garden shops advertised that they had cuttings of the tree for sale , although the accuracy of the claims has been doubted .
 the accuracy of the claims   has been doubted  

 In what became a much-publicized event from the Beijing Games , Salukvadze and Paderina embraced on the podium after the ceremony had ended .
 the ceremony   had ended  

 Other formulas exist , such as that by Miller ( 217 - ( 0.85 × Age ) ) and others None Achieving a high enough heart rate at the end of exercise is critical to improving the sensitivity of the test to detect high grade heart artery stenosis .
 Other formulas   exist  

 In accordance with this conviction , Alexander III of Russia suggested that certain reforms should be introduced .
 certain reforms   should be introduced  

 West of the Governor 's House , a store for munitions was built in 1747 -- 48 , and this was later extended to form a courtyard , in which the main gunpowder magazine also stood .
 the main gunpowder magazine   also stood  

 Farmers in ancient times believed that Olive would not grow well if planted more than a certain distance from the sea ; Theophrastus gives 300 stadia ( 55.6 km ) as the limit .
 Olive   would not grow well  

 It is then clear that N is Monoid a monoid , under the binary operation induced by that of M. Equivalently , a submonoid is a subset N such that N = N A subset N is said to be a generator of M if and only if M = N A monoid whose operation is commutative is called a commutative monoid ( or , less commonly , an abelian monoid ) .
 N   is said  

 Up until the Calciopoli scandal which saw Juventus F.C. forcibly relegated , the two were the only Italian clubs to have never played below Serie A. Notably the two sides are the first and the second most supported clubs in Italy and the rivalry has intensified since the later part of the 1990s ; reaching its highest levels ever post-Calciopoli , with the return of Juventus F.C. to Serie A .
 the Calciopoli scandal   forcibly relegated  

 William the Silent remained popular with the public , in part through an extensive propaganda campaign conducted through pamphlets .
 an extensive propaganda campaign   conducted  

 Caesar had four legions under Julius Caesar command , two of Julius Caesar provinces bordered on unconquered territory , and parts of Gaul were known to be unstable .
 parts of Gaul   were known  

 After losing a season to a labour dispute in 2005 , attendance figures for League teams have returned to solid ground ; the League 's TV audience was slower to rebound because of American cable broadcaster ESPN 's decision to drop the sport from National Hockey League schedule .
 the League 's TV audience   to rebound  

 However pure Plutarch 's idea of God is , and however vivid Plutarch description of the vice and corruption which superstition causes , Plutarch warm religious feelings and Plutarch distrust of human powers of knowledge led Plutarch to believe that God comes to our aid by direct revelations , which we perceive the more clearly the more completely that we refrain in `` enthusiasm '' from all action ; this made it possible for Plutarch to justify popular belief in divination in the way which had long been usual among the Stoics .
 pure Plutarch 's idea of God   is  

 Gould 's influence in the field of evolutionary developmental biology continues to be seen in such areas as the study of evolution of feathers .
 Gould 's influence in the field of evolutionary developmental biology   continues  

 The final days of the 3rd Canadian Parliament were marked by explosive conflict , as Macdonald and Tupper alleged that MP and railway financier Donald Smith had been allowed to build the Pembina branch of the CPR ( connecting to American lines ) as a reward for betraying the Conservatives during the Pacific Scandal .
 MP and railway financier Donald Smith   had been allowed  

 Many species of weevil that feed out in the open on leaves of plants react to attack by employing a `` drop-off reflex '' .
 Many species of weevil that feed out in the open on leaves of plants   react to attack  

 Once the electron is displaced from the photosystem , the electron is passed down the electron acceptor molecules and returns to photosystem I , from where Photosynthesis was emitted , hence the name cyclic reaction .
 Photosynthesis   was emitted  

 This can be shown to physically correspond to a phase change of π , introduced in the electron distribution as the angular momentum is changed by the action of the charge conjugation operator , which is conserved by the weak interaction .
 This   can be shown  

 This genotype-phenotype distinction was proposed by Wilhelm Johannsen in 1911 to make clear the difference between an organism 's heredity and what that heredity produces .
 that heredity   produces  

 Further , in order to differentiate between the two different types of mesons after the second meson was discovered , the initial mesotron particle was renamed Muon ( the Greek letter μ ( mu ) corresponds to m ) , and the new 1947 meson ( Yukawa 's particle ) was named the pi meson .
 the second meson   was discovered  

 What they produced was the first measured drawings of the Parthenon published in 1787 in the second volume of Antiquities of Athens Measured and Delineated .
 they   produced  

 The brothers had agreed that whichever of them outlived the other would inherit the personal property that King Æthelwulf had left jointly to Alfred the Great sons in Alfred the Great will .
 whichever of them   outlived  

 No one who is eternally lost has part in it .
 No one   is eternally lost  

 Oracle machine can be conceived as a Turing machine connected to Oracle machine .
 a Turing machine   connected  

 Omari arrived in the United States in June 2001 , on a tourist visa , obtained through the Visa Express program .
 Omari   obtained  

 The narrator argues that each of these is a false Good ; each desired thing is shown to be not good in Satires (Juvenal) , but only good so long as other factors do not intervene .
 other factors   do not intervene  

 More rigorously , if a surface S is a union of finitely many pieces S1 , ... , Sr which do not overlap except at their boundaries then Surface areas of flat polygonal shapes must agree with Surface area .
 Sr   do not overlap  

 The second incompleteness theorem states that no sufficiently strong , consistent , effective axiom system for arithmetic can prove Mathematical logic own consistency , which has been interpreted to show that Hilbert 's program can not be completed .
 Hilbert 's program   can not be completed  

 During an unguarded moment when Major thought that the microphones had been switched off , Brunson asked why John Major did not sack the ministers who were conspiring against John Major .
 the microphones   had been switched off  

 The Rastafari movement , founded in Jamaica , syncretizes vigorously , mixing elements from the Bible , Marcus Garvey 's Pan Africanism movement , Hinduism , and Caribbean culture .
 The Rastafari movement   syncretizes vigorously  

 Calendula is known to cause allergic reactions .
 Calendula   is known  

 As it turned out , Karmal 's power base during this period was KHAD .
 it   turned out  

 Once Osaka Castle had been taken and Toyotomi Hideyoshi 's offspring killed , though , the Tokugawa dominance was assured .
 the Tokugawa dominance   was assured  

 Call-by-reference allows variables to be used , so that the value of the variable may be changed by the procedure .
 variables   to be used  

 Attendance was so low for home games that team owner Harry Wismer had fans move to seats closer to the field to give the illusion of a fuller stadium on television .
 home games   team  

 It is possible to write , for example , a SNOBOL4 pattern which matches `` a complete name and international postal mailing address '' , which is well beyond anything that is practical to even attempt using regular expressions .
 a SNOBOL4 pattern   matches  

 Blue sapphires with any amount of green as a secondary hue are not considered to be fine quality .
 Blue   sapphires  

 The BCS theory was set on a firmer footing in 1958 , when N. N. Bogolyubov showed that the BCS wavefunction , which had originally been derived from a variational argument , could be obtained using a canonical transformation of the electronic Hamiltonian .
 the BCS wavefunction   could be obtained  

 The name Amu is said to have come from the medieval city of Āmul , ( later , Chahar Joy/Charjunow , and now known as Türkmenabat ) , in modern Turkmenistan , with Darya being the Persian word for `` river '' .
 The name   is said  

 That is , for an abstract sequence ( an ) ( with n running from 1 to infinity understood ) the value of an approaches L as n → ∞ , denoted More precisely , Sequence converges if there exists a limit L such that the remaining an 's are arbitrarily close to L for some n large enough .
 L as n → ∞   denoted More precisely  

 This was accompanied by a faith in the Panslavic ideology -- `` surprising , '' Najder writes , `` in a man who was later to emphasize Joseph Conrad hostility towards Russia , a conviction that ... Poland 's superior civilization and ... historic ... traditions would let her play a leading role ... in the Panslavic community , and doubts about Poland 's chances of becoming a fully sovereign nation-state '' .
 Najder   writes  

 Men in Black ( MIB ) , in American popular culture and in UFO conspiracy theories , are men dressed in black suits who claim to be government agents who harass or threaten UFO witnesses to keep them quiet about what Men in Black have seen .
 government agents   harass  

 Since Richard 's brother George , Duke of Clarence , had been executed and attainted , his descendants forfeited all rights to the throne , leaving Richard the true heir .
 his descendants   forfeited  

 As a consequence of the death of the commander of the operations and the effect of two failed operations intended to overcome the El Buur mutiny , the spirit of Italian troops began to wane .
 the spirit of Italian troops   to wane  

 Because sound travels relatively slowly ( approximately ) , a map was produced in 1861 to show the actual time when the sound of the gun would be heard at various locations across Edinburgh .
 sound   travels relatively slowly  

 In the Bajío area , tamales are often served with a meat stew called churipo , which is flavored with cactus fruit .
 a meat stew called churipo   is flavored  

 About 50 % of the cargo carried travels to and from international ports in Europe , Middle East and Africa .
 the cargo   carried  

 As Pete Best wrote in Pete Best autobiography , A Cellarful of Noise , Pete Best `` was n't sure '' about Martin 's assessment of Best 's drumming and `` was not anxious to change the membership of The Beatles at a time when they were developing as personalities ... Pete Best asked The Beatles to leave the group as it was '' .
 it   was  

 Recycling aluminium uses only 5 % of the energy required by virgin production ; glass , paper and metals have less dramatic but very significant energy savings when recycled feedstock is used .
 recycled feedstock   is used  

 When first organized during WWII , these units consisted of approximately one-fourth the personnel of an NCB and were intended to take over the maintenance of bases on which major construction had been completed .
 major construction   had been completed  

 Paid circulation is declining in most countries , and advertising revenue , which makes up the bulk of a newspaper 's income , is shifting from print to online ; some commentators , nevertheless , point out that historically new media such as radio and television did not entirely supplant existing .
 historically new media such as radio and television   existing  

 The invention of the elevator was a precondition for the invention of Skyscraper , given that most people would not ( or could not ) climb more than a few flights of stairs at a time .
 a precondition for the invention of Skyscraper   given  

 Best World Championships showing was a fourth place , in 1998 .
 Best World Championships   showing  

 This variation in ability to orgasm , generally thought to be psychosocial , was found to be 34 % to 45 % genetic .
 This variation in ability   was found  

 In two late Roman sources , Hyginus and Ovid , Pan (god) is substituted for the satyr Marsyas in the theme of a musical competition ( agon ) , and the punishment by flaying is omitted .
 the punishment by flaying   is omitted  

 Recapitulation theory , also called the biogenetic law or embryological parallelism -- often expressed in Ernst Haeckel 's phrase as `` ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny '' -- is a largely discredited biological hypothesis that in developing from embryo to adult , animals go through stages resembling or representing successive stages in the evolution of their remote ancestors .
 stages   resembling  

 When a conducting tip is brought very near to the surface to be examined , a bias ( voltage difference ) applied between the two can allow electrons to tunnel through the vacuum between them .
 a conducting tip   to be examined  

 Records show that in 2000 , approximately 100 landfills had to close down because Recycling were all full , up to the brim .
 approximately 100 landfills   to close down  

 Development of the EPROM memory cell started with investigation of faulty integrated circuits where the gate connections of transistors had broken .
 the gate connections of transistors   had broken  

 Java (programming language) is a general-purpose , concurrent , class-based , object-oriented computer programming language that is specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible .
 a general-purpose , concurrent , class-based , object-oriented computer programming language   to have  

 These men were at the forefront of the intense intellectual rethinking that culminated in what is now known as the twelfth-century renaissance , pioneering the Scholastic philosophy that came to dominate medieval thinking throughout Europe .
 the Scholastic philosophy   came  

 With the whole town crowded around the actual courthouse , To Kill a Mockingbird 's part of a central , civic education -- what Monroeville aspires to be '' .
 Monroeville   to be  

 In the Battle of Posada , the Hungarian army was massacred , King Charles Charles I of Hungary barely escaped by exchanging clothes with one of Charles I of Hungary knights and a plethora of the noblemen who had accompanied Charles I of Hungary were slaughtered .
 I of Hungary   were slaughtered  

 Ambassador Henderson , who had long advocated concessions to Germany , recognized that here was a deliberately conceived alibi the German government had prepared for a war it was determined to start .
 a war   to start  

 Since the muscles in babies ' hands grow and develop quicker than their mouths , Sign language is a beneficial option for better communication .
 the muscles in babies ' hands   develop quicker  

 Eurostar set a new British speed record of 334.7 km/h mph on the first section of High Speed 1 on 30 July 2003 , two months before services began running upon the first section of High Speed 1 .
 services   began  

 This is blazoned : `` two keys in saltire or and argent , interlacing in the rings or , beneath a tiara argent , crowned or '' ) .
 a tiara argent   crowned  

 Near Guadalajara is the town of Tonalá , known for Mexican cuisine pozole , a hominy stew said to have been originally created with human flesh .
 Near Guadalajara is the town of Tonalá   said  

 Other Buddhist shrines have been attacked , notably the Sambuddhaloka Temple in Colombo that killed nine worshipers .
 Other Buddhist shrines   have been attacked  

 Following this , Peter Sellers provided the growling voice of Winston Churchill to the BAFTA award winning film The Man Who Never Was .
 The Man   Never Was  

 The fact that such large asteroids as Sylvia can be rubble piles , presumably due to disruptive impacts , has important consequences for the formation of the Solar system : Computer simulations of collisions involving solid bodies show them destroying each other as often as merging , but colliding rubble piles are more likely to merge .
 colliding rubble piles   to merge  

 How Leukemia is handled depends primarily on the type of leukemia .
 Leukemia   is handled  

 RNA export is also signal mediated ( NES ) ; the NES is in RNA-binding proteins ( except for tRNA which has no adapter ) .
 also signal   mediated  

 If Propaganda uses the label on too-many perceivably credible individuals , muddying up the word can be done by broadcasting bad-examples of `` liberals '' into the media .
 Propaganda   uses  

 The coronal heating problem in solar physics relates to the question of why the temperature of the Sun 's corona is millions of kelvin higher than that of the surface .
 The coronal heating problem in solar physics   relates  

 Apostolic succession also uses sacred scripture in support of this practice , namely , 1 Timothy 4:12 , which states : The Methodist Church also buttresses this argument with the leg of Sacred Tradition of the Wesleyan Quadrilateral by citing the Church Fathers , many of whom concur with this view .
 1 Timothy 4:12   states  

 When the Mayday call is made , the vessel is requiring immediate assistance .
 the Mayday call   is made  

 Before a spirit can be summoned Shamanism must teach the shaman Shamanism song .
 a spirit   can be summoned  

 The reference beam intensity is taken as 100 % Transmission ( or 0 Absorbance ) , and the measurement displayed is the ratio of the two beam intensities .
 the measurement   displayed  

 Dhritarashtra marries Gandhari , a princess from Gandhara , who blindfolds herself so that she may feel the pain that her husband feels .
 her husband   feels  

 For example , a particular apple is said to be a copy of the form of Applehood and the apple 's redness is an instance of the form of Redness .
 a particular apple   is said  

 The Convention set up committees to study where Newfoundland 's future lay .
 Newfoundland 's future   lay  

 The kingdom of Dál Riata was destroyed , certainly by the middle of the 9th century , when Ketil Flatnose is said to have founded the Kingdom of the Isles .
 Ketil Flatnose   is said  

 Some combine aspects of each definition , as done by Palestinian Habib Hassan Touma , who defines an Arab `` in the modern sense of the word '' , as `` one who is a national of an Arab state , has command of the Arabic language , and possesses a fundamental knowledge of Arab tradition , that is , of the manners , customs , and political and social systems of the culture '' .
 Palestinian Habib Hassan Touma   defines  

 One 's number of outs is often used to describe a drawing hand : `` I had a two-outer '' meaning you had a hand that only two cards in the deck could improve to a winner , for example .
 a hand   could improve  

 But Netscape easily remained the number one browser for the time being .
 the time   being  

 The story ( which is observed by the characters but can not be influenced ) ends with Irlana marrying Cyrando , and Garrick running off with a bridesmaid .
 The story   can not be influenced  

 That year , Marija Gimbutas parents separated and Marija Gimbutas lived with Marija Gimbutas mother and brother , Vytautas , in Kaunas .
 Marija Gimbutas   lived  

 Vincent Canby of The New York Times said of the Pink Panther films , `` Peter Sellers 'm not sure why Mr. Sellers and Mr. Lom are such a hilarious team , though it may be because each is a fine comic actor with a special talent for portraying the sort of all-consuming , epic self-absorption that makes slapstick farce initially acceptable -- instead of alarming -- and finally so funny '' .
 it   may be  

 Marlowe and Cameron are Glass 's sons with Philip Glass fourth wife , Holly Critchlow ( from whom Glass is divorced ) .
 Glass   divorced  

 Commentators generally agree that , in the event molecular nanotechnology were developed , mankind should permit self-replication only under very controlled or `` inherently safe '' conditions .
 molecular nanotechnology   were developed  

 The versatility of structuralism is such that a literary critic could make the same claim about a story of two friendly families ( `` Boy 's Family + Girl 's Family '' ) that arrange a marriage between their children despite the fact that the children hate each other ( `` Boy - Girl '' ) and then the children commit suicide to escape the arranged marriage ; the justification is that the second story 's structure is an ` inversion ' of the first story 's structure : the relationship between the values of love and the two pairs of parties involved have been reversed .
 parties   involved  

 But also : `` J. G. Ballard have -- J. G. Ballard wo n't say happy -- not unpleasant memories of the camp .
 have   J. G. Ballard  

 The earliest are written in variants of epigraphic south Arabian musnad script , including the 8th century BCE Hasaean inscriptions of eastern Saudi Arabia , the 6th century BCE Lihyanite texts of southeastern Saudi Arabia and the Thamudic texts found throughout Arabia and the Sinai ( not in reality connected with Thamud ) .
 reality   connected  

 A kipper is a whole herring that has been split from tail to head , gutted , salted or pickled , and cold smoked .
 cold   smoked  

 Chaburas also work together in machine-made matzo factories , which produce the typically square-shaped matzo sold in stores .
 machine-made matzo factories   produce  

 Within these reservoirs , fluids will typically organize themselves like a three-layer cake with a layer of water below the oil layer and a layer of gas above Petroleum , although the different layers vary in size between reservoirs .
 the different layers   vary  

 Dynamic time warping is an approach that was historically used for Speech recognition but has now largely been displaced by the more successful HMM-based approach .
 Dynamic time   warping  

 The concern that the health exception can be read so liberally partly explains why supporters of the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act did not want to include one .
 the health exception   can be read so liberally  

 Calcite immediately effervesces in acid , whereas acid must be applied to powdered dolomite ( often to a scratched surface in a rock ) , for it to effervesce .
 it   to effervesce  

 Philosophical Investigations is this emphasis on becoming attentive to the social backdrop against which language is rendered intelligible that explains Wittgenstein 's elliptical comment that `` If a lion could talk , we could not understand him '' .
 a lion   could talk  

 The person who completes the route the quickest sets the `` standard time '' and all other competitors must finish within a certain amount of time of the standard time to be counted as a finisher ( Motorcycle sport received penalty points for every minute after the quickest finisher ) .
 The person who completes the route the quickest sets the `` standard time '' and all other competitors   must finish  

 A final decision a patient can make is to have surgery .
 a patient   can make  

 The majority of the loanwords were found to have been derived from the Polish , Belarussian , and German languages , with some evidence that these languages all acquired the words from contacts and trade with Prussia during the era of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania .
 The majority of the loanwords   were found  

 In 1410 Yongle Emperor returned to Tsurphu where Yongle Emperor had Yongle Emperor monastery rebuilt which had been severely damaged by an earthquake .
 Yongle Emperor monastery   rebuilt  

 The Talmudic interpretation is that the Aramaic word is derived from the root-word פק '' ר ( PKR ; lit .
 the root-word פק '' ר   lit  

 On 12 September 2012 , former Taiwanese Vice-President Lien Chan announced that talks between Taiwan and Foreign relations of Singapore on a proposed economic partnership agreement are expected to be finalised by the end of the year .
 talks between Taiwan and Foreign relations of Singapore on a proposed economic partnership agreement   are expected  

 The distribution of the sum of weights is approximately Gaussian , with a peak at 1,000,000 N and width , so that when 2N − 1 is approximately equal to the transition occurs .
 2N   −  

 Additional Exakta models , all with waist-level finders , were produced up to and during World War II .
 Additional Exakta models   were produced  

 It seems , on the internet , that the term `` pen pals '' defines those looking for relationships , where pen pals originated via postal mail correspondences and has evolved to mean something more .
 pen pals   has evolved  

 If the word parallax appeared to amaze them , Parallax were told that Parallax was the angle subtended by two straight lines running from both ends of the Earth 's radius to the Moon .
 the word parallax   appeared  

 The Melia thus singled out is one of these daughters of Oceanus .
 The Melia   singled out  

 The resulting belief is likely to be different depending of where people live however .
 people   live however  

 This myth likely began with Pliny the Elder ( AD 23 -- 79 ) , who wrote that Ostrich `` imagine , when they have thrust their head and neck into a bush , that the whole of their body is concealed '' .
 Ostrich   imagine  

 Mariner 3 was lost when the launch vehicle 's nose fairing failed to jettison .
 the launch vehicle 's nose fairing   to jettison  

 The account goes as follows : `` The cardinals dallied with their duty until March 1314 , ( exact day is disputed by scholars ) when , on a scaffold in front of Notre Dame , Jacques de Molay , Templar Grand Master , Geoffroi de Charney , Master of Normandy , Hugues de Peraud , Visitor of France , and Godefroi de Gonneville , Master of Aquitaine , were brought forth from the jail in which for nearly seven years they had lain , to receive the sentence agreed upon by the cardinals , in conjunction with the Archbishop of Sens and some other prelates whom they had called in .
 they   had called in  

 For example , a vertex configuration of ( 4,6,8 ) means that a square , hexagon , and octagon meet at a vertex ( with the order taken to be clockwise around the vertex ) .
 the order   taken  

 The Prometheus Bound appears to have been the first play in a trilogy called the Prometheia .
 The Prometheus Bound   appears  

 Though many of the objects could not be properly conserved at the time and subsequently deteriorated , many were documented with pencil sketches and watercolour drawings which survive to this day .
 many   were documented  

 Moreover , `` Romy '' a stout , cigar-chomping , suspendered , order-barking commander of the city desk enjoyed the fearful but absolute regard of pressmen , the composing room and the entire night staff of the Tribune Tower which owned and housed the Chicago 's American operations in Chicago's American final decades .
 the Tribune Tower   owned  

 Where Brown 's weak version of Linguistic relativity proposes that language influences thought and the strong version that language determines thought , Fishman 's ` Whorfianism of the third kind ' proposes that language is a key to culture .
 language influences   thought  

 Puget Sound also drained to the Chehalis River until the Chimacum Valley , in the northeast Olympic Peninsula , melted , allowing the lake 's water to rapidly drain north into the marine waters of the Strait of Juan de Fuca , which was rising as the ice sheet retreated .
 the ice sheet   retreated  

 Sevillanas , a type of old folk music sung and written in Seville and still very popular , are performed in fairs and festivals , along with an associated dance for the music , the Baile por sevillanas .
 a type of old folk music   sung  

 Nevertheless , some disagreements over the legal settlement of the Slovenian minority in Austria remain .
 some disagreements over the legal settlement of the Slovenian minority in Austria   remain  

 Marquette traveled with a Sioux Indian who named Mississippi River Ne Tongo ( `` Big river '' in Sioux language ) in 1673 .
 Marquette   traveled  

 Anteros was the son of Ares and Aphrodite in Greek mythology , given to his brother Eros , who was lonely , as a playmate , the rationale being that love must be answered if Anteros is to prosper .
 Anteros   to prosper  

 A total of 27 games distributed in 12 different cartridges were released for Magnavox Odyssey .
 27 games   distributed  

 Local Exchange Trading Systems schemes have been proposed as a possible way to alleviate some of the human costs of the euro crisis in Greece , where high foreign debt repayments have resulted in rapid deflation of the economy .
 Local Exchange Trading Systems schemes   have been proposed  

 Italian Fascist dictator and Nazi ally Benito Mussolini was also critical of the book , saying that Mein Kampf was `` a boring that I have never been able to read '' and remarked that Hitler 's beliefs , as expressed in the book , were `` little more than commonplace clichés '' .
 I   to read  

 The pathways and walls in a maze or labyrinth are fixed ( pre-determined ) -- puzzles where the walls and paths can change during the game are categorised as tour puzzles .
 The pathways and walls in a maze or labyrinth   are fixed  

 The western rose , made c. 1215 and 12 m in diameter shows the Last Judgement -- a traditional theme for west façades .
 The western rose   made  

 A Little Night Music 's a lovely example of the past reaching out to the present ... '' Steven Suskin , reviewing the new Broadway cast for Variety , wrote `` What a difference a diva makes .
 a diva   makes  

 Brady opened the drive with three completions to running back J.R. Redmond , which moved the ball to their 41-yard line with 33 seconds left .
 33 seconds   left  

 In Iceland , folklore says that if you bathe naked in the morning dew on the morning of June 24 , you are supposed to keep aging at bay for longer .
 you   aging  

 Allen Ginsberg was also for many decades an advocate of marijuana legalization , and , at the same time , warned Allen Ginsberg audiences against the hazards of tobacco in Allen Ginsberg Put Down Your Cigarette Rag ( Do n't Smoke ) : `` Do n't Smoke Do n't Smoke Nicotine Nicotine No / No do n't smoke the official Dope Smoke Dope Dope '' .
 Your Cigarette   Do n't Smoke  

 The jury instructions provide something of a flow chart on what verdict jurors should deliver based on what Jury instructions determine to be true .
 jurors   should deliver  

 During 1942 , Joseph Goebbels continued to press for the `` final solution to the Jewish question '' to be carried forward as quickly as possible now that Germany had occupied a huge swathe of Soviet territory into which all the Jews of German-controlled Europe could be deported .
 all the Jews of German-controlled Europe   could be deported  

 Throughout the period of the diary , Pepys 's health suffered from the long hours Samuel Pepys worked .
 Samuel Pepys   worked  

 In 1997 , just thirteen years after the National Stadium had opened , it was considered too small and did not have the facilities required of the time and it was demolished and a new stadium , the Millennium Stadium , was built in Cardiff Arms Park place ( completed to a north-south alignment and opened in June 1999 ) .
 the National Stadium   had opened  

 Since no forces were acting , Frame of reference was the geometry of the situation which caused the two particles to meet each other again .
 no forces   were acting  

 No order of this kind could be carried out in more than a third of England , where the Danes were too strong , but Gunhilde , sister of Sweyn Forkbeard , King of Denmark , was said to have been among the victims .
 Gunhilde   was said  

 The VA currently breaks down benefits in an easy to understand benefits booklet .
 benefits   booklet  

 As in Greece the state is still not separated from the church , only religious marriages are officially recognized and a child can be baptised under the strict condition that the parents ' marriage ( who were both baptized as Christian Orthodox ) took place in a church .
 only religious marriages   are officially recognized  

 Nevertheless , the settlement was deemed to be the largest-ever civil rights class action settlement in American history .
 the settlement   was deemed  

 John Steinbeck father 's cottage on Eleventh Street in Pacific Grove , where Steinbeck wrote some of John Steinbeck earliest books , also survives .
 John Steinbeck father 's cottage on Eleventh Street in Pacific Grove   survives  

 The French were former Allies of the U.S. and the American troops were instructed not to fire unless they were fired upon .
 former Allies of the U.S. and the American troops   not to fire  

 The 1983 episode `` Enlightenment '' of Doctor Who featured sailing ships in space which used solar wind to fly .
 sailing ships in space   to fly  

 The law , however , while containing commandments intended to promote the true fear of God , had other prescriptions of a purely pedagogic nature , which necessarily ceased when Christ , their end , appeared ; of such temporary and merely relative regulations were circumcision , animal sacrifices , the Sabbath , and the laws as to food .
 Christ   appeared  

 Hood notes that the palace at Knossos appears to have experienced less damage than other sites along the island of Crete .
 the palace at Knossos   appears  

 Billy Wright (loyalist) felt it was Billy Wright (loyalist) duty to help Billy Wright (loyalist) people and that is what Billy Wright (loyalist) have been doing ever since '' .
 Billy Wright   have been doing ever  

 After four years of Union campaigning , Richmond fell in April 1865 , and shortly afterward , Confederate General Robert E. Lee surrendered to Ulysses S. Grant -- with that the Confederacy effectively collapsed .
 the Confederacy   effectively collapsed  

 The majority of those who quit were professional , affluent men .
 those   quit  

 Exploration of the territory and trade with the Indians in the region near the Forks by British colonials from Pennsylvania and Virginia - both of which claimed the territory - led to conflict with the French .
 Exploration of the territory and trade with the Indians in the region near the Forks by British colonials from Pennsylvania and Virginia - both of which   claimed  

 Paul Robeson rapidly improved , though Paul Robeson doctor stressed that `` what little is left of Paul 's health must be quietly conserved '' .
 what little   is left  

 Some folk tales involve orangutans mating with and kidnapping humans .
 orangutans   mating  

 Evans held up tablets of the unknown scripts for the audience to see .
 the audience   to see  

 Under the circumstances , English could not but become `` the speech of ... Joseph Conrad future , of long friendships , of ... affection , of hours of toil and ... ease , and ... of books read ... thoughts pursued ... remembered emotions ... '' Had Conrad remained in the Francophone sphere or had Joseph Conrad returned to Poland , the son of the Polish poet , playwright and translator Apollo Korzeniowski -- from childhood exposed to Polish and foreign literature , and ambitious to Joseph Conrad become a writer -- might have ended writing in French or Polish instead of English .
 the speech of ... Joseph Conrad future , of long friendships , of ... affection , of hours of toil and ... ease , and ... of books   pursued  

 Since none of the choices had gained over 50 % , a second referendum with only the two more popular choices was held on July 22 , 1948 .
 none of the choices   had gained  

 The Ninth Circuit has ruled that a `` national community standard '' should be used for the internet , but this has yet to be upheld at the national level .
 this   has  

 In 2013 , after incursions into Swedish airspace by Russian combat aircraft were widely reported , only six percent of Swedes expressed confidence in the ability of the nation to defend Swedish Armed Forces .
 incursions into Swedish airspace by Russian combat aircraft   were widely reported  

 Although an MP3 decoder must support VBR to be standards compliant , historically some decoders have bugs with VBR decoding , particularly before VBR encoders became widespread .
 VBR   decoding  

 `` Quakers '' continued to be used interchangeably with `` Philadelphia Phillies '' from 1884 until 1890 , when Philadelphia Phillies officially became known as the `` Philadelphia Phillies '' .
 Quakers   to be used interchangeably  

 The original recipe is said to be locked up in a safe with only two persons knowing the full recipe .
 The original recipe   is said  

 Sanskrit paradigm is obtained by prefixing e - to all the forms of ta .
 Sanskrit paradigm   is obtained  

 In fact , some early Parallel ATA devices were simply SCSI devices with an Parallel ATA to SCSI protocol converter added on .
 SCSI protocol converter   added on  

 Methods used include roadside speed traps set up and operated by the police and automated roadside speed camera systems , which may incorporate the use of an automatic number plate recognition system .
 Methods   used  

 Another variant model is the one alleging that certain men think in terms of a virgin/whore dichotomy , in which women who do not adhere to an Abrahamic standard of moral purity are considered `` whores '' .
 certain men   think  

 One of the most important judgments the navigator must make is the best method to use .
 the navigator   must make  

 The first of these was the Penitent Magdalene , showing Mary Magdalene at the moment when she has turned from her life as a courtesan and sits weeping on the floor , her jewels scattered around her .
 she   sits  

 Some critics jokingly referred to the theory as `` evolution by jerks '' , which elicited Gould to respond in kind by describing gradualism as `` evolution by creeps '' .
 Gould   to respond  

 Alfred responded with a telegram stating : `` What a funny little man you are '' .
 you   are  

 Eleven prismatic tilings are obtained by stacking the eleven uniform plane tilings , shown below , in parallel layers .
 Eleven prismatic tilings   are obtained  

 When Cleese eventually stopped laughing , he could n't remember where Dead Parrot sketch were in the sketch .
 Cleese   stopped laughing  

 replacing ( 60 / 3 Side effect (computer science) free function f is always idempotent ( under sequential composition f ; f , not function composition f ∘ f ) .
 f , not function composition   ∘ f  

 The singles `` So Far Away '' and `` Price to Play '' came with two unreleased tracks , `` Novocaine '' and `` Let Staind Out '' , which were released for the special edition of the group 's Chapter V , which came out in late 2005 .
 Far Away '' and `` Price to Play   came  

 As Silurian was first identified , the `` Silurian '' series when traced farther afield quickly came to overlap Sedgwick 's `` Cambrian '' sequence , however , provoking furious disagreements that ended the friendship .
 the `` Silurian '' series   traced farther afield  

 The standardized form of each cuneiform sign appears to have been developed from pictograms .
 The standardized form of each cuneiform sign   appears  

 Although an infringer is generally free to rely on any available ground of invalidity ( such as a prior publication , for example ) , some countries have sanctions to prevent the same validity questions being relitigated .
 the same validity questions   being relitigated  

 Men were not allowed to have hair below the collar ; when men whose hair was too long , arrived in the country from overseas , they were given a hair cut before they could leave the airport .
 a hair   cut  

 However , whenever equation-of-state properties , such as densities or changes in densities , must be calculated , Pressure must be expressed in terms of their absolute values .
 equation-of-state properties , such as densities or changes in densities   must be calculated  

 In 1663 Samuel Pepys independently negotiated a # 3,000 contract for Norwegian masts , demonstrating the freedom of action that Samuel Pepys superior abilities allowed .
 superior abilities   allowed  

 Research suggested that most of the adverse effects of NSAIDs were mediated by blocking the COX1 ( constitutive ) enzyme , with the Analgesic effects being mediated by the COX2 ( inducible ) enzyme .
 most of the adverse effects of NSAIDs   were mediated  

 J. R. R. Tolkien goes on to argue that in The Lord of the Rings evil does sometimes seem to be an independent force , more than merely the absence of good ( though not independent to the point of the Manichaean heresy ) , and suggests that Alfred 's additions to J. R. R. Tolkien translation of Boethius may have inspired that view .
 J. R. R. Tolkien   goes on  

 A.S. Roma had set-up a special amortization fund using Articolo 18-bis Legge 91/1981 mainly for the abnormal signing prior 2002 -- 03 season , ( such as Davide Bombardini for $ 11 million account value in June 2002 , which the flopped player exchange boosted 2001 -- 02 season result ) and the tax payment of 2002 -- 03 season was rescheduled .
 03 season   was rescheduled  

 The majority of minerals observed are derived from the Earth 's crust .
 minerals   observed  

 Random drift by means of sampling error came to be known as the `` Sewall -- Wright effect '' , though he was never entirely comfortable to see his name given to Genetic drift .
 Random drift by means of sampling error   came  

 With time witnesses began to appear in court Perjury were not so treated despite the fact that their functions were akin to that of modern witnesses .
 time witnesses   began  

 A caption in the final panel says this story was a test to see if readers would like Captain America to return .
 readers   to return  

 , Maimonides urged students that a boy named Emmanuel of the tribe of Binyamin would be the messiah however scholars have found evidence to believe that perhaps the last name is the key to figuring out who Messiah is .
 Messiah   is  

 While Forza Italia had never held a formal party congress to formulate its rules , procedures , and democratic balloting for candidates and issues , ( since 1994 three party conventions of Forza Italia have been held , all of them resolving to support Berlusconi and reelecting Silvio Berlusconi by acclamation ) on 27 March 2009 at the foundation congress of the People of Freedom political movement the statute of the new party was subject to a vote of approval .
 1994 three party conventions of Forza Italia   have been held  

 In the English-speaking crochet world , basic stitches have different names that vary by country .
 different names   vary  

 Only a few other fiddle-type instruments from the 16th century exist , but none of them of the type found on Mary Rose .
 Only a few other fiddle-type instruments from the 16th century   exist  

 Article 88 ( h ) of the Constitution of Cuba , adopted in 1976 , provides for citizen proposals of law , prerequisite that the proposal be made by at least 10 000 citizens who are eligible to vote .
 at least 10 000 citizens   to vote  

 Two years later , David Attenborough demonstrated David Attenborough passion for fossils in Lost Worlds Vanished Lives .
 Vanished   Lives  

 Soldiers and military weaponry are available , but once anyone plays the game , Left Behind 'll see how difficult Left Behind is to succeed by using these less effective means of warfare '' .
 Left Behind   to succeed  

 After transcription has been terminated , the mRNA chain is cleaved through the action of an endonuclease complex associated with RNA polymerase .
 transcription   has been terminated  

 It is closely connected with the notion that all kinds of violence entail negative karmic consequences .
 It   is closely connected  

 With the ordinary business of government at a standstill , Bowell 's Cabinet decided Mackenzie Bowell was incompetent to lead and so , to force Mackenzie Bowell to step down , seven ministers resigned , then foiled the appointment of successors .
 Mackenzie Bowell   to lead  

 First , the failure of the previous status quo seemed self-evident to a generation that had seen millions die fighting over scraps of earth -- prior to the war , it had been argued that no one would fight such a war , since the cost was too high .
 millions   die  

 Hawaii (island) is built from five separate shield volcanoes that erupted somewhat sequentially , one overlapping the other .
 five separate shield volcanoes   erupted somewhat sequentially  

 Like Kinsey , scholars such as Peplau , Fingerhut and Beals ( 2004 ) and Diamond ( 2006 ) found that lesbians have Orgasm more often and more easily in sexual interactions than heterosexual women do , and that female partners are more likely to emphasize the emotional aspects of lovemaking .
 heterosexual women   do  

 Muslims are estimated to comprise 60 % of Sierra Leone population according to the US Department of State , while 20 to 30 % are reported to be followers of Christianity , and 5 to 10 % of the population practice indigenous animist beliefs .
 20 to 30 %   are reported  

 As a result of Cat Stevens serious illness and long convalescence , and as a part of Cat Stevens spiritual awakening and questioning , Cat Stevens wrote as many as forty songs , many of which would appear on Cat Stevens albums in years to come .
 years   to come  

 Cubans require Cuban government documentation to leave , and this is commonly refused .
 this   is commonly refused  

 The decline in rural population has apparently been somewhat stemmed , with a 1998 statistic showing 43 percent .
 The decline in rural population   has apparently been somewhat stemmed  

 In 1787 , Willem V survived a coup by the Patriots ( democratic revolutionaries ) after the Kingdom of Prussia intervened .
 the Kingdom of Prussia   intervened  

 From the scientific perspective , occultism is regarded as unscientific as Occult does not make use of the standard scientific method to obtain facts .
 occultism   is regarded as unscientific  

 Therefore electrophilic aromatic substitution is more difficult while nucleophilic aromatic substitution is facilitated .
 nucleophilic aromatic substitution   is facilitated  

 When Washburn was finished , he says , Cimino and Joann Carelli , an associate producer on The Deer Hunter who would go on to produce two more of Cimino 's films , took him to dinner at a cheap restaurant off the Sunset Strip .
 Washburn   was finished  

 Units should move in such a way that Ambush are close enough together for mutual support , but far enough apart so that one burst of automatic fire would n't take out the entire unit .
 Units   should move  

 Once registration had been completed and the deposits were made , the author was granted an exclusive right to control the copying of the book .
 registration   had been completed  

 The route originates at the University of Minnesota campus in Minneapolis , then Limited-stop travels several miles on Interstates 35W and 94 , before Limited-stop begins to operate as local service through the Uptown area of Minneapolis .
 Limited-stop   begins  

 The way the gills attach to the top of the stalk is an important feature of mushroom morphology .
 the gills   attach  

 When the number is omitted , the symbol is known as the universal Recycling Symbol , indicating generic recyclable materials .
 the number   is omitted  

 When gaseous propane is drawn at a high rate , the latent heat of vaporisation required to create Propane will cause the bottle to cool .
 the bottle   to cool  

 The gray connector on 80-conductor cables has pin 28 CSEL not connected , making Parallel ATA the slave position for drives configured cable select .
 The gray connector on 80-conductor cables   not connected  

 In particular , Cyprinidae of southwestern North America have been severely affected ; a considerable number went entirely extinct after settlement by Europeans .
 Cyprinidae of southwestern North America   have been severely affected  

 When the library reopened , Ashland, Oregon was no longer a public institution , instead handled by a private company .
 the library   reopened  

 The images returned showed a Moon-like cratered terrain , which later missions showed was not typical for Mars , but only for the more ancient region imaged by Mariner Mariner 4 .
 The images   returned showed  

 Knowledge of the ultimate Reality is not a matter for reason ; Panentheism comes by revelation of the ultimate reality through nadar .
 Panentheism   comes  

 Jewellery in the Pacific , with the exception of Australia , is worn to be a symbol of either fertility or power .
 Jewellery in the Pacific , with the exception of Australia   is worn  

 Although the Patriots jumped out to an early lead , a critical turnover before the end of the first half that led to a Rams score proved costly .
 a Rams score   proved  

 Five examples of this are Manchester ( where the traditional area associated includes areas of the neighbouring authorities of Trafford , Tameside , Oldham , Bury and the City of Salford ) , Kingston upon Hull ( where surrounding areas and villages that are effectively suburbs , such as Cottingham , come under East Riding of Yorkshire Council ) , Glasgow ( where suburban areas of City status in the United Kingdom are located in East Dunbartonshire , East Renfrewshire , North Lanarkshire , Renfrewshire , South Lanarkshire and West Dunbartonshire ) , Wolverhampton ( areas of the neighbouring authorities of Walsall , Dudley and South Staffordshire ) and , most obviously , London ( Greater London outside the City of London ) .
 the traditional area   associated  

 An Erie Canal Cruise company , based in Herkimer , operates from mid-May until mid-October with daily cruises .
 An Erie Canal Cruise company   operates  

 Republic of Sierra Leone Armed Forces then remained largely unchanged for 16 years until in 1995 when Defence Headquarters ( DHQ ) was established and the Sierra Leone Air Wing ( SLAW ) formed .
 the Sierra Leone Air Wing   formed  

 The main visual remnant of this time is a squat stone tower known as Queen Mary 's Bower on account of a legend that Mary , Queen of Scots , was allowed to take the air there while she was a prisoner at Chatsworth .
 Mary   was allowed  

 Cope , in an upset , won the race while Dale Earnhardt finished fifth .
 Dale Earnhardt   finished fifth  

 After such an event the rubber bushing Propeller may be damaged .
 the rubber bushing Propeller   may be damaged  

 The players and languages featured were Ken Griffey , Jr. ( American English ) , Alex Rodriguez ( Caribbean Spanish ) , Chan Ho Park ( Korean ) , Kazuhiro Sasaki ( Japanese ) , Graeme Lloyd ( Australian English ) , Éric Gagné ( Québécois French ) , Andruw Jones ( Dutch ) , John Franco ( Italian ) , Iván Rodríguez ( Caribbean Spanish ) , and Mark McGwire ( American English ) .
 The players and languages   featured  

 The application of Linear B appears to have been confined to administrative contexts .
 The application of Linear B   appears  

 In the Decree of Beatification issued on 29 December 1886 by Pope Leo XIII , when 54 English martyrs were beatified , the greatest place was given to John Fisher .
 54 English martyrs   were beatified  

 An early example of a memorization aid , originally devised by English scientist James Jeans , is : `` How I want a drink , alcoholic of course , after the heavy lectures involving quantum mechanics '' .
 An early example of a memorization aid , originally devised by English scientist James Jeans   is  

 Max Johnston left Wilco because he felt that his role in Wilco had diminished in favor of Bennett ; he had also been replaced by violinist Jesse Greene on one track because Wilco felt that Johnston was unable to play the part .
 his role in Wilco   had diminished  

 Before that date , the only papyri known were a few surviving from medieval times .
 the only papyri   known  

 Therefore , these numerical values ( such as 299,792,458 for the constant speed of light c expressed in units of meters per second ) are not values that a theory of physics can be expected to predict .
 the constant speed of light   expressed  

 As the sea ice recedes epontic algae dominate the first phase of the bloom , and a strong bloom dominate by diatoms follows the ice melt south 9 .
 the sea ice   recedes  

 Patrick Wormald 's explanation is that Alfred the Great law code should be understood not as a legal manual , but as an ideological manifesto of kingship , `` designed more for symbolic impact than for practical direction '' .
 Alfred the Great law code   should be understood  

 Panspermia is not meant to address how life began , just the method that may cause Panspermia sustenance .
 life   began  

 Among different species , the more immature the baby is born , the more time Sleep spends in REM sleep .
 the baby   is born  

 Oliver North also testified that Robert McFarlane had asked Oliver North to alter official records to delete references to direct assistance to the Contras and that Oliver North had helped .
 Oliver North   had helped  

 Despite the protests of Northumberland , the `` Short Parliament '' ( as it came to be known ) was dissolved in May 1640 , less than a month after it assembled .
 it   assembled  

 A rapid transit link between Johor Bahru and Woodlands has been planned to replace the remaining railway line by 2018 .
 A rapid transit link between Johor Bahru and Woodlands   has been planned  

 10 Hygiea , however , which appears to have a uniformly primitive composition of carbonaceous chondrite , is thought to be the largest undifferentiated asteroid .
 10 Hygiea , however   is thought  

 But from this centre , Jacob Grimm pursued Jacob Grimm investigations in every direction as far as Jacob Grimm instinct allowed .
 Jacob Grimm instinct   allowed  

 Elevations of central nervous system serotonin will typically only reach potentially fatal levels when drugs with different mechanisms of action are mixed together .
 drugs with different mechanisms of action   are mixed together  

 The conventions of written Lithuanian had been evolving during the 19th century , but Jablonskis , in the introduction to his Lietuviškos kalbos gramatika , was the first to formulate and expound the essential principles that were so indispensable to Lithuanian language later development .
 the first   to formulate  

 However , in November 2007 , GameSpot reported that the release had been cancelled , likely due to the Bandai-Namco merger .
 the release   had been cancelled  

 Pacta sunt servanda ( Latin for `` agreements must be kept '' ) , is a brocard , a basic principle of civil law and of international law .
 agreements   must be kept  

 However , the novel is cited as a major reason for the success of civil rights in the 1960s , that To Kill a Mockingbird `` arrived at the right moment to help the South and the nation grapple with the racial tensions ( of ) the accelerating civil rights movement '' .
 that   To Kill  

 Some mask revisions of the 68LC040 contained a bug that prevents the chip from operating correctly when a software FPU emulator is used .
 a software FPU emulator   is used  

 Most notable are older Rikhi Ram ( Delhi ) and older Hiren Roy ( Kolkata ) sitars depending upon which master built Sitar .
 Hiren Roy   sitars depending  

 There is also a line of Chatsworth branded foods , endorsed with the Dowager Duchess 's signature , which is available by mail order .
 branded foods   endorsed  

 When a local furniture tycoon ( Trey Wilson ) appears on television with his newly born quintuplets and jokes that Coen brothers `` are more than we can handle , '' H.I. steals one of the quintuplets to bring up as their own .
 we   can handle  

 When Nathuram Godse bowed , one of the girls flanking and supporting Gandhi , Abha Chattopadhyay , said to Nathuram Godse , `` Brother , Bapu is already late '' and tried to put Nathuram Godse off but Nathuram Godse pushed her aside and shot Gandhi in the chest three times at point-blank range with a Beretta M 1934 semi-automatic pistol .
 Nathuram Godse   bowed  

 A variation of ego psychology , termed `` modern conflict theory '' , is more broadly an update and revision of structural theory ( Freud , 1923 , 1926 ) ; Psychoanalysis does away with some of structural theory 's more arcane features , such as where repressed thoughts are stored .
 Psychoanalysis   does away  

 This was the standard form of writing , so far as books are concerned , until the 5th century , when Palaeography was replaced by a new type , the uncial , which is discussed below .
 books   are concerned  

 Diphthongs are otherwise treated as two monosyllables : a-ro-u-ra for ` arourans ' ( accusative plural of ἄρουραι , `` tamarisk trees '' ) , of the types CV and V. Lengths of vowels and accents are not marked .
 CV and V. Lengths   are not marked  

 Ealdred (bishop) is one of a few native Englishmen who William appears to have trusted .
 William   appears  

 Early recipes used a variety of flavors ; however , the number of three molded together was a common denominator , to resemble the Italian flag ( cf. ) .
 three   molded together  

 The sale of chametz may also be conducted communally via a rabbi , who becomes the `` agent '' for all the community 's Jews through a halakhic procedure called a kinyan ( acquisition ) .
 The sale of chametz   may also be conducted communally  

 The magnet programs succeeded in attracting applicants and by the mid-1990s only about a third of students who applied were accepted .
 students   applied  

 When the crocodile appears , Captain Hook flees to his office while telling Smee to have their prisoners walk the plank .
 the crocodile   appears  

 Since the muscles in babies ' hands grow and develop quicker than their mouths , Sign language is a beneficial option for better communication .
 the muscles in babies ' hands   grow  

 The television series Alfred Hitchcock Presents premiered in the United States the year after Dial M for Murder was released .
 Dial M for Murder   was released  

 This was a practice taken from Glinka 's opera Ruslan and Lyudmila , Brown says , and became `` a minor fingerprint of Russian harmony '' .
 Brown   says  

 And the greater the velocity is with which Mass is projected , the farther Mass goes before Mass falls to the Earth '' .
 Mass   is projected  

 Over the course of filming , Pierce modified the Monster 's makeup to indicate that the Monster 's injuries were healing as Bride of Frankenstein progressed .
 Bride of Frankenstein   progressed  

 Frederick the Great ( reigned 1740 -- 1786 ) settled around 300,000 colonists in the eastern provinces of Prussia , acquired in the First Partition of Poland of 1772 , with the intention of replacing the Polish nobility .
 the Great   reigned  

 Still living out of Patrick Stewart suitcase because of Patrick Stewart skepticism that the show would succeed , Stewart was unprepared for the long hours of television production .
 the show   would succeed  

 However , nearly a year later the tree began to bloom .
 the tree   to bloom  

 The mechanical advantage ( torque ) obtained ripped the stumps out of the soil .
 The mechanical advantage   obtained  

 Anne Brontë is 29 when she died .
 she   died  

 After booking McVeigh , Hanger searched his police car and found a business card McVeigh had hidden while he was handcuffed .
 he   was handcuffed  

 The last and final factor to arise is right liberation .
 The last and final factor   to arise  

 J. K. Rowling , author of the Harry Potter series , has said that she was a fan of the works of Lewis as a child , and cites the influence of The Chronicles of Narnia on her work : `` I found myself thinking about the wardrobe route to The Chronicles of Narnia when Harry is told he has to hurl himself at a barrier in Kings Cross Station -- it dissolves and he 's on platform Nine and Three-Quarters , and there 's the train for Hogwarts '' .
 it   dissolves  

 Jack Kerouac reason for doing so seems to be linked to an old family legend that the Kerouacs had descended from Baron François Louis Alexandre Lebris de Kerouac .
 Jack Kerouac reason for doing so   seems  

 The settlement of Chinon is on the bank of the Vienne river about from where Chinon joins the Loire .
 The settlement of Chinon   is  

 Mary Rose could have been after Henry VIII 's death in January 1547 or even as late as 1549 , when the last guns were brought up .
 the last guns   were brought up  

 Also before 1945 , namely 1937 , the city of Cuxhaven has been fully integrated into the Prussian Province of Hanover by the Greater Hamburg Act , so that in 1946 , when the state of Lower Saxony was founded , only four states needed to be merged .
 the state of Lower Saxony   was founded  

 Even after that the world saw two more Mummy movies - Mummy Returns 2001 and .
 two more Mummy movies - Mummy   Returns  

 In the belief that her days are numbered , Carmen gives in to Husky 's advances , abandoning Joe for the luxurious life Husky can offer her .
 her days   are numbered  

 From this doctrine arose the Epicurean epitaph : Non fui , fui , non sum , non curo ( Epicurus was not ; Epicurus was ; Epicurus am not ; Epicurus do not care ) -- which is inscribed on the gravestones of Epicurus followers and seen on many ancient gravestones of the Roman Empire .
 Epicurus   do not care  

 In addition to starchy plants consumed directly , 66 million tonnes of starch were being produced per year world-wide by 2008 .
 starchy plants   consumed directly  

 Stan Rogers widow , Ariel , continues to oversee Stan Rogers estate and legacy .
 Stan Rogers widow   continues  

 Senator Barry Goldwater noted that Conservatives `` believed the communist projection of man as a producing , consuming animal to be used and discarded was antithetical to all the Judeo-Christian understandings which are the foundations upon which the Republic stands '' .
 a producing , consuming animal   to be used  

 That said , while IBM 's zSeries can still run 24-bit System/360 code , the 64-bit zSeries and System z9 CMOS servers have nothing physically in common with the older systems .
 That   said  

 John L. Sullivan commented after the fight that never had there been a championship contest that was so one-sided and that Jack Johnson (boxer) `` played fairly at all times and fought fairly '' .
 Jack Johnson   fought fairly  

 The first beer pump known in England is believed to have been invented by John Lofting ( b. Netherlands 1659-d .
 The first beer pump known in England   is believed  

 While not directly contributing ( though many sites offer additional ways of support ) , visitors are making a difference in the sense that , had Click-to-donate site not visited , no donation would have been given .
 no donation   would have been given  

 Jet stream paths typically have a meandering shape ; jet streams may start , stop , split into two or more parts , combine into one stream , or flow in various directions including the opposite direction of most of the jet .
 jet streams   stop  

 Asparagales is thought to have first diverged from other related monocots some 120-130 million years ago ( early in the Cretaceous period ) , although given the difficulty in classifying the families involved , estimates are likely to be uncertain .
 Asparagales   is thought  

 although John Calvin was not Servetus John Calvin assumed the person of Servet for debating with Calvin '' .
 John Calvin   was not  

 So that people can tell when Jesus is there ( in the tabernacle ) , Sanctuary is lit , indicating that anyone approaching the altar should genuflect , to show respect for Him .
 anyone approaching the altar   should genuflect  

 In the north of the Province of Guadalajara , bordering Madrid and Segovia , is a mountain range forming part of the Sistema Central , among which can be distinguished the mountain ranges Pela , Ayllón , Somosierra , Barahona and Ministra , with the headwaters of the rivers Jarama , Cañamares and Henares .
 the mountain   ranges  

 A polygamist , Idi Amin married at least five women , three of whom Idi Amin divorced .
 Idi Amin   divorced  

 Motorola 68000 continued to be widely used in printers throughout the rest of the 1980s , persisting well into the 1990s in low-end printers .
 the 1980s   persisting  

 Grant 's character describes Bellamy 's character by saying `` He looks like that fellow in the movies , you know ... Ralph Bellamy !
 you   know  

 Also that year , Chicago Tribune music critic Greg Kot released a biography of the band entitled .
 a biography of the band   entitled  

 For example , when a client connect to a hub 's socket , Direct Connect (file sharing) is first to talk to the client .
 a client   connect  

 The spelling of Middle English , such as in the writings of Geoffrey Chaucer , is very irregular and inconsistent , with the same word being spelled in different ways , sometimes even in the same sentence .
 the same word   being spelled  

 or abbreviated to : The maxim states that there can be no crime committed , and no punishment meted out , without a violation of penal law as Nullum crimen, nulla poena sine praevia lege poenali existed at the time .
 no punishment   meted out  

 The Limestone areas of central Derbyshire were found to contain veins of lead ore , and these were mined from Roman times .
 The Limestone areas of central Derbyshire   were found  

 Taipei should tell Mr Downer to butt out '' .
 Mr Downer   to butt out  

 While the species is by no means endangered , IUCN lists insufficient data to make an assessment for two of the subspecies .
 no means   endangered  

 The only differences between these flags is that National flag has the Commonwealth Star below the canton , and that on the New Zealand flag , just four stars in the Southern Cross are presented , and they are five-pointed red stars with white borders .
 just four stars in the Southern Cross   are presented  

 This was said to be a colorful huge bird which ( in some versions of the legend ) in ancient times had occasionally descended to Earth to carry off humans to eat , but generally lived in the clouds unseen .
 This   was said  

 This , however , does not contradict with the belief that everything Predestination do , including the choices Predestination make , are predestined and predetermined by Allah .
 everything Predestination do , including the choices   predestined  

 Unlike Richard , Étienne and Françoise who managed to overcome the five main obstacles in getting to The Beach (novel) , the newcomers never make it past the fourth hurdle - the marijuana field guarded by the Thai farmers .
 the newcomers   never make  

 In Rio de Janeiro , the bird can be easily seen at the Aterro do Flamengo gardens - where Monk Parakeet nests on palm trees and feeds on their fruit ; the Rio birds seem to favor nesting amid the leaves of coconut palm trees - as well as in the vicinity of the neighboring domestic flight terminal , the Santos Dumont Airport and in the gardens of Quinta da Boa Vista , where communal nests of roughly one meter in diameter have been seem .
 the Rio birds   seem  

 Although the council had needed extra space since the 1920s , London Borough of Croydon was only with the imminent creation of the London Borough of Croydon that action was taken .
 that action   was taken  

 In a few families , both the ability to fly and the elytra have been lost , with the best known example being the glow-worms of the family Phengodidae , in which the females are larviform throughout their lives .
 In a few families , both the ability to fly and the elytra   have been lost  

 The colonial marine cyanobacterium Trichodesmium is thought to fix nitrogen on such a scale that Nitrogen fixation accounts for almost half of the nitrogen-fixation in marine systems on a global scale .
 The colonial marine cyanobacterium   is thought  

 Les Halles ( pronounced ) is an area of Paris , France , located in the 1st arrondissement , just south of rue Montorgueil .
 Les Halles   pronounced  

 After some time recovering , Peter Sellers returned to filming in October 1964 , playing King of the Individualists alongside Ekland in Carol for Another Christmas , a United Nations special , broadcast on the ABC channel on 28 December 1964 .
 some time   recovering  

 When the question of satisfying the investors came up , Johannes Gutenberg is said to have promised to share a `` secret '' .
 the question of satisfying the investors   came up  

 Addition of an entraining agent , such as benzene , cyclohexane , or heptane , allows a new ternary azeotrope comprising the ethanol , water , and the entraining agent to be formed .
 the entraining agent   to be formed  

 In the same way , the King does not have supreme liberty in the exercise of the aforementioned functions ; all of these are framed , limited or exercised `` according to the constitution and laws '' , or following requests of the executive or authorizations of the legislature .
 all of these   are framed  

 The bishops continue to invite Old Catholic Church bishops not yet a part of TOCCUSA to enter into dialogue , with the hopes that deeper unity may be accomplished .
 deeper unity   may be accomplished  

 Often the leader of the seder and the other adults at the meal will use prompted responses from the Haggadah , which states , `` The more one talks about the Exodus from Egypt , the more praiseworthy he is '' .
 he   is  

 Actions at law had a right to Jury trial , actions in equity did not .
 actions in equity   did not  

 In August 1994 , an official Argentine Defence Ministry report written by armed forces auditor Eugenio Miari was released which described the sinking of the Belgrano as `` a legal act of war '' , explaining that `` acts of war can be carried out in all of the enemy 's territory '' and `` they can also take place in those areas over which no state can claim sovereignty , in international waters '' Argentinian veterans were said to be dismayed at the conclusion about the Belgrano and the President of the Federation of Argentine War Veterans Luis Ibanez hoped to produce more witnesses to show that the sinking was a war crime .
 Argentinian veterans   were said  

 The term cartridges is standard usage in the United Kingdom .
 The term   cartridges  

 With all the necessary components delivered to Tinian , bomb unit L11 was chosen , and the final Little Boy weapon was assembled and ready by August 1 .
 weapon   was assembled  

 In a stack , the priority of each inserted element is monotonically increasing ; thus , the last element inserted is always the first retrieved .
 the last element   inserted  

 O how salutary prayers to the all-powerful God pour out in these oratories , when the internal and spiritual purities of those praying correspond proportionally with the external and physical elegance of the oratory !
 the internal and spiritual purities of those   correspond proportionally  

 Likewise , not all organisms that look alike necessarily have the same genotype .
 not all organisms   look alike necessarily  

 Naturism is practised in many ways : Marc Alain Descamps , in his study written in French , classified the types as : individual nudism , nudism within family , nudism in the wild , social nudism .
 Naturism   is practised  

 The interviews conducted by the FBI focused on the possibility of a missile attack ; suggested interview questions given to FBI agents such as `` Where was the sun in relation to the aircraft and the missile launch point ?
 interview questions   given  

 A new spline bushing is of course required .
 course   required  

 On 8 September , just two days after the rising began , a party of around 100 Jacobite Highlanders , led by Lord Drummond , attempted to scale the walls with the assistance of members of the garrison .
 the rising   began  

 In the Greek version , a man complains to a slave-merchant that his new slave has died .
 his new slave   has died  

 The presence of the railway line was a source of contention between the two countries until the relocation was agreed .
 the relocation   was agreed  

 In the third century , this `` concern for propriety '' begins to be displaced by the concept of ` power ' to do so which means that in the absence of such a man it is `` literally impossible '' for a Eucharist to be celebrated .
 a Eucharist   to be celebrated  

 The United States beat the Swedish team , which played with some Americans borrowed from the opponent , 13 -- 3 .
 the Swedish team   played  

 With the Workplace Shell , everything in OS/2 is an `` object '' to be manipulated .
 an `` object   to be manipulated  

 The Theil index is an entropy measure used to quantify inequalities .
 an entropy measure   used  

 A Movement called the Alliance for Democracy ( AFORD ) under the leadership of Chakufwa Chihana grew , calling for the end of Kamuzu Banda 's dictatorship .
 A Movement   grew  

 This was predicated by an attempt on Luthor 's part to link Superman to a kryptonite asteroid that is hurtling toward Earth , claiming that he had ` evidence ' - which he declined to share while claiming that Lex Luthor would make the public laud his actions if they knew Lex Luthor - that the asteroid was being drawn to Earth by Superman , offering a billion dollar reward for Superman 's capture that pitted Superman and Batman against an army of villains , all of whom they defeated .
 they   defeated  

 Another Monte Carlo method for computing is to draw a circle inscribed in a square , and randomly place dots in the square .
 a circle   inscribed  

 Even though Iraq was ruled by another branch of the Ba'ath Party , Assad 's relations with Saddam Hussein were extremely strained , mainly because of Saddam 's refusal to ally with Syria against Israel , which Assad was unable to forgive .
 Assad   to forgive  

 For example with 8-N-1 character framing only 80 % of the bits are available for data ( for every eight bits of data , two more framing bits are sent ) .
 two more framing bits   are sent  

 Manuscript production in England dropped off precipitously around the 860s when the Viking invasions began in earnest , not to be revived until the end of the century .
 the Viking invasions   began  

 The monarchy was abolished and a republic called the Commonwealth of England , also referred to as the Cromwellian Interregnum , was declared .
 the Cromwellian Interregnum   was declared  

 For example , in De libero arbitrio , opposing certain views of Martin Luther , Desiderius Erasmus noted that religious disputants should be temperate in their language , `` because in this way the truth , which is often lost amidst too much wrangling may be more surely perceived '' .
 the truth , which is often lost amidst too much wrangling   more surely perceived  

 Each member of the family is named after the root note produced by the second partial with no valves actuated .
 no valves   actuated  

 However , the revelation that a considerably larger segment of the membership than had been believed were the radical Fifth Monarchists led to its members voting to dissolve it on 12 December 1653 , out of fear of what the radicals might do if they took control of the Assembly .
 the radicals   might do  

 Since about 2005 , when the two provincial newspapers `` De Limburger '' and `` Limburgs Dagblad '' merged , the one left is carrying both names .
 the two provincial newspapers   merged  

 The water elevation continues to drop steeply as Mississippi River passes through the gorge carved by the waterfall .
 The water elevation   continues  

 Peter Sellers appears as Hrundi V. Bakshi , a bungling Indian actor who accidentally receives an invitation to a lavish Hollywood dinner party .
 Peter Sellers   appears  

 All the other band members were also settled or married ; Ian Moss had a long-term relationship with the actress Megan Williams ( she even sang on Twentieth Century ) whose own public persona could have hardly been more different .
 All the other band members   married  

 Bumiputera equity requirement for publicly listed companies has been relaxed since 12 November 2008 by allowing those companies to remove the quota once after IPO has been done .
 IPO   has been done  

 Today the term `` priest '' is used in Catholicism , Eastern Orthodoxy , Anglicanism , and some branches of Lutheranism to refer to those who have been ordained to a ministerial position through receiving the sacrament of Holy Orders , although `` presbyter '' is also used .
 presbyter   is also used  

 Having many differences with most of David Lynch work , particularly in that it did not contain any profanities , sexual content or violence , The Straight Story was rated G ( general viewing ) by the Motion Picture Association of America , and as such came as `` shocking news '' to many in the film industry , who were surprised that it `` did not disturb , offend or mystify '' .
 it   did not disturb  

 When additional information is needed before a study can be reproduced , the author of the study is expected to provide Scientific method promptly .
 a study   can be reproduced  

 Although the term was longer than the three years and eight months the prosecutors had requested , it was shortened to one year in accord with a 2006 amnesty law .
 the prosecutors   had requested  

 The error was rarely encountered by users ( Byte magazine estimated that 1 in 9 billion floating point divides with random parameters would produce inaccurate results ) .
 1 in 9 billion floating point   divides  

 Sustainable development can be -- ( a ) Double Cropping ( the practice where the second crop is planted after the first has been harvested ) ; ( b ) Relay Cropping ( the practice where a second crop is started along with the first one , before it is harvested ) .
 the practice where the second crop is planted after the first   has been harvested  

 In 1788 , with the Revolution looming , the young Louis Philippe showed Louis Philippe I liberal sympathies when Louis Philippe I helped break down the door of a prison cell in Mont Saint-Michel , during a visit there with the Countess of Genlis .
 the Revolution   looming  

 NSA is reported to use National Security Agency computing capability to analyze `` transactional '' data that National Security Agency regularly acquires from other government agencies , which gather National Security Agency under their own jurisdictional authorities .
 NSA   is reported  

 The wind speeds vary according to the temperature gradient , exceeding , although speeds of over have been measured .
 speeds of over   have been measured  

 The New Englanders took six Acadian hostages , who would be executed if the Acadians or Mi ` kmaq rebelled against New England control .
 six Acadian hostages   would be executed  

 Neoteny ( , or ) also called juvenilization , is one of the three ways by which paedomorphism can arise .
 paedomorphism   can arise  

 `` All dance music makes use of syncopation and Syncopation 's often a vital element that helps tie the whole track together '' .
 All dance music   makes  

 One of the most massive stars known is Eta Carinae , with 100 -- 150 times as much mass as the Sun will have a lifespan of only several million years .
 the most massive stars   known  

 Olaf then left England for Norway and never returned , though `` other component parts of the Viking force appear to have decided to stay in England , for it is apparent from the treaty that some had chosen to enter into King Æthelred 's service as mercenaries , based presumably on the Isle of Wight '' .
 other component parts of the Viking force   appear  

 Nintendo Nintendo 64 games are ROM cartridge based .
 ROM cartridge   based  

 Aoraki / Mount Cook is the highest mountain in New Zealand , reaching .
 Aoraki / Mount Cook   reaching  

 Neoteny is one of the three ways by which paedomorphism can arise .
 paedomorphism   can arise  

 Newton later recorded his ideas in a three book set , entitled Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica ( Latin : `` Mathematical Principles of Natural Philosophy '' ) .
 a three book set   entitled  

 The north front was altered in the nineteenth century when the long north wing was attached to the north-east corner of Chatsworth House .
 the long north wing   was attached  

 Also in the 18th century , Sicilian Saverio Landolina manufactured papyrus at Syracuse , where papyrus plants had continued to grow in the wild .
 papyrus plants   to grow  

 When a player holds a drawing hand , or a hand that is behind now but is likely to win if a certain card is drawn , Pot odds are used to determine the expected value of that hand when the player is faced with a bet .
 a hand that is behind now but   to win  

 Foster Hewitt also mentions the game as going into overtime which the Argonaut-Kitchener game did .
 the Argonaut-Kitchener game   did  

 In California , Jury instructions were simplified to make them easier for jurors to understand .
 jurors   to understand  

 Killdane , which comes from `` Keeill-y-Deighan '' ( Church of the Devil ) , hills are called Knock and Cronk , while `` Nagh Beurla '' , means `` I speak no English '' , a distortion of Manx language .
 hills   Knock  

 The album opened with `` You Got Nothing I Want '' , an aggressive Barnes-penned hard rock track that attacked the American industry for Cold Chisel handling of the band .
 The album   opened  

 Nevertheless , the vast majority of criminal cases are in fact settled by plea bargain , which removes the need for Jury trial .
 the vast majority of criminal cases   settled  

 Artificial sapphire material is identical to natural sapphire , except Sapphire can be made without the flaws that are found in natural stones .
 Sapphire   can be made  

 Orthodox Judaism does not recognize Reform weddings because , if Jewish views on marriage did , the children of a Reform woman who remarried would be considered mamzerim , the children of an adulterous relationship , a personal status that does not allow a person to marry a non-mamzer .
 Jewish views on marriage   did  

 The country has a long and rich musical tradition , closely linked to that of Italy , but which is also highly independent in San Marino .
 a long and rich musical tradition   closely linked  

 Language acquisition has been determined , through empirical research on developmentally normal children , as well as through some extreme cases of language deprivation , that there is a `` sensitive period '' of language acquisition in which human infants have the ability to learn any language .
 Language acquisition   has been determined  

 As a result , virtually all towns had to be taken , and that was usually a long , drawn-out affair , potentially lasting from several months to years , while the members of the town were starved to death .
 virtually all towns   to be taken  

 When Uzbek language is written using the Latin script , either the single opening quotation mark ( U +2018 ) or the okina ( U +02 BB ) is used to write the letters Oʻ ( Cyrillic Ў ) and Gʻ ( Cyrillic Ғ ) .
 Uzbek language   is written  

 These improvements led NBC and the cable channel Versus to sign a shared ten-year broadcast deal ( as their parent companies were merging ) , paying $ 200 million per year for both American cable and broadcast rights ; the deal will lead to further increases in television coverage on the NBC channels .
 their parent companies   were merging  

 An electrical signal , which is analogous to the sound that is to be recorded , is fed to the recording head , inducing a pattern of magnetization similar to the signal .
 the sound   to be recorded  

 `` At the time Cat Stevens was reported to have done it , Cat Stevens did n't know such a group existed .
 such a group   existed  

 This natural spring provided an important secondary source of water for Edinburgh Castle , the water being lifted up by a crane mounted on a platform known as the Crane Bastion .
 a crane   mounted  

 The film as released opens with a dedication : To the memory of those who made us laugh : the motley mountebanks , the clowns , the buffoons , in all times and in all nations , whose efforts have lightened our burden a little , this picture is affectionately dedicated.This was originally intended to be spoken by Sullivan .
 us   laugh  

 For example , there were no more than five civil wars underway simultaneously in the first half of the 20th century , while over 20 concurrent civil wars were occurring at the end of the Cold War , before a significant decrease as conflicts strongly associated with the superpower rivalry came to an end .
 a significant decrease as conflicts   came  

 The fact that most of the early post-translational modifications found were concentrated within the tail extensions that protrude from the Nucleosome core lead to two main theories regarding the mechanism of histone modification .
 most of the early post-translational modifications   found  

 As tribal populations grew , fertility was no longer a valid justification of polygamy : Polygamy was lawful among the ancient fathers : whether Polygamy be lawful now also , I would not hastily pronounce ( utrum et nunc fas sit , non temere dixerim ) .
 tribal populations   grew  

 A political motive was involved in Zecharias Frankel study on legal procedure , `` Der Gerichtliche Beweis nach Mosaisch-Talmudischem Rechte : Ein Beitrag zur Kenntnis des Mosaisch-Talmudischen Criminal-und Civilrechts : Nebst einer Untersuchung über die Preussische Gesetzgebung Hinsichtlich des Zeugnisses der Juden '' ( Berlin , 1846 ) .
 Nebst einer Untersuchung über   die  

 Stagflation is not due to any actual supply shock , but because of the societal crisis that hints at a supply crisis .
 the societal crisis   hints  

 The similarities between John Brown (abolitionist) attempted insurrection and the Haitian Revolution , in both methods , motivations and resolve , is still seen today as the main avenue in Haiti 's capital Port-au-Prince is still named for John Brown (abolitionist) as a sign of solidarity .
 The similarities between John Brown   resolve  

 Furthermore , because of the nature of the statistical tests used by experimenters , a very small proportion of all experiments conducted will yield an overall statistically significant result ( suggesting that clairvoyance took place at above-chance levels ) , again simply because of chance .
 all experiments   conducted  

 Some of these charters recognised officially that the town involved was a city .
 the town   involved  

 Born in Barnwell , South Carolina , James Brown moved to Augusta , Georgia , to live with relatives at the age of four .
 James Brown   to live  

 Paintings such as Hovenden 's The Last Moments of John Brown immortalize an apocryphal story , in which a Black woman offers the condemned Brown her baby to kiss on John Brown (abolitionist) way to the gallows .
 an apocryphal story , in which a Black woman offers the condemned Brown her baby   to kiss  

 A long letter exists , written from the Tower by John Fisher to Thomas Cromwell , speaking of the severity of his conditions of imprisonment .
 A long letter   exists  

 As the Byzantine Empire declined , the Ottoman Empire rose to take its place .
 the Byzantine Empire   declined  

 William Hancock was also killed , although John Graves Simcoe was not with the Americans .
 William Hancock   was also killed  

 However , when King Hussein died in February 1999 , Assad attended Hafez al-Assad funeral , after which relations between Syria and Jordan started to improve .
 relations between Syria and Jordan   to improve  

 If Fe2 + and Ti4 + ions are substituted for Al3 + , localized areas of charge imbalance are created .
 localized areas of charge imbalance   are created  

 A book featuring images from the film and some of the poems that were performed was also published under the same title by Lorrimer in the UK and Grove Press in US .
 the poems   were performed  

 These are Neoteny traits in humans : flattened face , broadened face , large brain , hairless body , hairless face , small nose , reduction of brow ridge , small teeth , small upper jaw ( maxilla ) , small lower jaw ( mandible ) , thinness of skull bones , limbs proportionately short compared to torso length , longer leg than arm length , larger eyes , and upright stance .
 flattened face   broadened  

 Several complex genetic mechanisms have evolved that allow vertebrate B cells to generate a diverse pool of Antibody from a relatively small number of antibody genes .
 Several complex genetic mechanisms   have evolved  

 Charlotte came across Emily 's poems which had been shared only with Anne , Anne Brontë partner in the world of Gondal .
 Charlotte   came  

 Augustine of Hippo later wrote an account of Augustine of Hippo conversion -- Augustine of Hippo very transformation , as Paul described -- in Augustine of Hippo Confessions , which has since become a must-read classic of Christian theology .
 Paul   described  

 A GPDA is formally defined as a 6-tuple : where Q , , , q0 and F are defined the same way as a PDA.
 q0 and F   are defined  

 Once Osaka Castle had been taken and Toyotomi Hideyoshi 's offspring killed , though , the Tokugawa dominance was assured .
 Toyotomi Hideyoshi 's offspring   killed  

 Saudi Arabian government officials and state religious leaders often promote the idea that Jews are conspiring to take over the entire world ; as proof of their claims they publish and frequently cite The Protocols of the Elders of Zion as factual .
 they   publish  

 Although some animals ( dolphins and bats ) have used sound for communication and object detection for millions of years , use by humans in the water is initially recorded by Leonardo Da Vinci in 1490 : a tube inserted into the water was said to be used to detect vessels by placing an ear to the tube .
 a tube inserted into the water   was said  

 Around the island world are villages , outdoor areas , and dungeons , through which the player moves in three dimensions .
 the player   moves  

 Populations with a history of dairy farming have evolved to be lactose tolerant in adulthood whereas other populations generally lose the ability to break down lactose as Neoteny grow into adults .
 Populations with a history of dairy farming   have evolved  

 The idea that Domnall II of Strathclyde was a son of Áed , based on a confusing entry in the Chronicle of the Kings of Alba , is contested .
 The idea that Domnall II of Strathclyde was a son of Áed , based on a confusing entry in the Chronicle of the Kings of Alba   is contested  

 In other languages , this conflict does not exist : the French tarot deck for instance labels Playing card lowest court card the `` Valet '' , which is the `` squire '' to the Knight card ( not seen in 52-card decks ) as the Queen is paired with the King .
 this conflict   does not exist  

 This new method of propulsion allowed steam ships to travel at a much greater speed without using sails thereby making ocean travel faster .
 steam ships   to travel  

 There was n't anybody or anything Jack Johnson (boxer) feared '' .
 Jack Johnson   feared  

 In single time style ( used with faster music ) the triple steps are replaced by single steps , so two beats of music are used for each single step while each step in the rock ( R ) step ( S ) is still completed in one beat , finishing the cycle in six musical beats .
 single time style   used  

 Because the camshaft speed is nearly zero before the engine is started , an electric pump is used .
 the engine   is started  

 This right , previously held by the Stationers ' Company 's members , would automatically be given to the author as soon as it was published , although they had the ability to license these rights to another person .
 it   was published  

 63 - `` In the next place , that Antinous may have the appearance of knowing still more than Antinous has yet mentioned , Antinous says , agreeably to Antinous usual custom , that ` there are others who have wickedly invented some being as their teacher and demon , and who wallow about in a great darkness , more unholy and accursed than that of the companions of the Egyptian Antinous ' .
 Antinous   says  

 Conrad as an artist famously aspired , in the words of Joseph Conrad preface to The Nigger of the ` Narcissus ' ( 1897 ) , `` by the power of the written word to make you hear , to make you feel ... before all , to make you see .
 an artist   famously aspired  

 While the NPR reviewer stated that the recording `` is n't groundbreaking , '' they praised its `` coherent musical expression '' and emphasis on `` solid songcraft without pretense '' which created a `` satisfying and melodically sound album '' .
 the recording   is n't groundbreaking  

 Engobes used in this way often contain substantial amounts of silica , sometimes approaching the composition of a glaze .
 Engobes   used  

 The Netscape browser , once a solid product , became crash-prone and buggy ; for example , some versions re-downloaded an entire web page to re-render Netscape Navigator when the browser window was re-sized ( a nuisance to dial-up users ) , and the browser would usually crash when the page contained simple Cascading Style Sheets .
 the browser window   was re-sized  

 One remarkable artifact recovered from Miletus during the first excavations of the 19th century , the Market Gate of Miletus , was transported piece by piece to Germany and reassembled .
 the Market Gate of Miletus   reassembled  

 On Crete , she was connected with the mountain where Zeus was said to have been born -- Mount Dikte .
 Zeus   to have been born  

 Growth occurs by a diffusion-reaction process , assisted by convection .
 Growth   occurs  

 A prefatory note gives a list of dictionaries from which the lexical portion was compiled , together with the names of their authors .
 the lexical portion   was compiled  

 However , Septuagint was not until the time of Augustine of Hippo ( 354 -- 430 CE ) that the Greek translation of the Jewish scriptures came to be called by the Latin term Septuaginta .
 the Greek translation of the Jewish scriptures   came  

 The effects that Earnhardt 's death had over motorsports and the media frenzy that followed not just in the United States , but all over the world - were massive .
 the media frenzy   followed  

 The label term `` cold-extraction '' on extra virgin olive oils indicates that the olive grinding and stirring was done at a temperature of maximum , as treatment in higher temperatures risks decreasing the olive oils ' quality ( texture , taste and aroma ) .
 the olive   grinding  

 The pick surprised people because , as Michael Crowley reported `` The two men did n't meet until Obama 's foreign policy aide , Mark Lippert , arranged a 2005 sit-down , and , as of this October , Jones had only spoken to Obama twice '' .
 Michael Crowley   reported  

 The Wasatch Front lies along the south-eastern border , where the main cities are found .
 the main cities   are found  

 Alcohol are classified into 0 ° , primary , based upon the number of carbon atoms connected to the carbon atom that bears the hydroxyl ( OH ) functional group .
 carbon atoms   connected  

 Khoratpithecus piriyai , which lived in Thailand 5 -- 7 mya , is believed to have been the closest known relative of the orangutans .
 Khoratpithecus piriyai   is believed  

 In the late 7th century BC , the tyrant Thrasybulus preserved the independence of Miletus during a 12 year war fought against the Lydian Empire .
 a 12 year war   fought  

 Printing is part of a Java (programming language) standard library : The class defines a public static field called .
 a public static field   called  

 Orgasm consider the significant difficulty of achieving vaginal orgasms , which is a predicament that is likely due to nature easing the process of child bearing by drastically reducing the number of vaginal nerve endings , to challenge arguments that vaginal orgasms help encourage sexual intercourse in order to facilitate reproduction .
 child   bearing  

 Further , those communities whose members are increasingly estranged from the criminal justice system 's decision-making process will benefit indirectly from greater participation and , in turn , from power over the kinds of cases prosecuted .
 cases   prosecuted  

 The central myth in Adonis Greek telling , Aphrodite fell in love with the beautiful youth ( possibly because she had been wounded by Eros ' arrow ) .
 The central myth in Adonis Greek   telling  

 The problem of succession remained when the infant that was proclaimed King of France , under the name of John I of France , died five days after birth .
 the infant   was proclaimed  

 These individual awards are presented at a formal ceremony held in late June after the playoffs have concluded .
 the playoffs   have concluded  

 ( This was done so that messages meant to be received by the other government could be heard , while the average listener could not understand the content of the program . )
 messages meant to be received by the other government   could be heard  

 If the Christian faith fell into ruin in Alfred the Great kingdom , if the clergy were too ignorant to understand the Latin words they butchered in their offices and liturgies , if the ancient monasteries and collegiate churches lay deserted out of indifference , Alfred the Great was answerable before God , as Josiah had been .
 Josiah   had been  

 The region was one of the four riverine civilizations where writing was invented ( it being the first ) , along with the Nile valley in Egypt , the Indus Valley in the Indian subcontinent , and Yellow River valley in China ( although writing is also known to have arisen independently in Mesoamerica ) .
 the four riverine civilizations   writing  

 Finally , every subcategory of Partially ordered set is isomorphism-closed .
 every subcategory of Partially   set  

 Brown 's friend Richard Hinton similarly noted that John Brown (abolitionist) knew `` by heart , '' the occurrences in Jamaica and Haiti .
 John Brown   knew  

 An incremental formulation of the sieve generates primes indefinitely ( i.e. without an upper bound ) by interleaving the generation of primes with the generation of Sieve of Eratosthenes multiples ( so that primes can be found in gaps between the multiples ) , where the multiples of each prime p are generated directly , by counting up from the square of the prime in increments of p ( or 2p for odd primes ) .
 the multiples of each prime p   are generated directly  

 Source files must be named after the public class Java (programming language) contain , appending the suffix .
 the public class Java   contain  

 In an SE process , this stage represents the iterative step that is carried out until a feasible solution is found .
 a feasible solution   is found  

 Totem pole ask that public display and sale of pictures and other representations of totem pole designs should be cleared with both the owners of the pole and the cultural group or tribal government associated with the designs on the pole .
 public display and sale of pictures and other representations of totem pole designs   should be cleared  

 Camera K falls on the ground , struggles , gets up '' .
 Camera K   struggles  

 The block had begun to melt after the Sub-Mariner , enraged that an Inuit tribe is worshiping the frozen figure , throws Captain America into the ocean .
 The block   had begun  

 That done , Henry returned to Germany , leaving it to his allies to attempt Matilda 's dispossession .
 That   done  

 St George 's day is the twenty-third of the month ; and St Mark 's Eve , with April superstition that the ghosts of those who are doomed to die within the year will be seen to pass into the church , falls on the twenty-fourth .
 the ghosts of those   will be seen  

 The keeping of aquaria was a popular pastime of the rich , and Natural History (Pliny) provides several amusing anecdotes of the problems of owners becoming too closely attached to their fishes .
 owners   too closely attached  

 Founded in 1895 from the estate of the Chicago real estate investor Allen Cleveland Lewis , Lewis Institute stood where the United Center now stands .
 Lewis Institute   stood  

 `` Attention to detail '' such as this is , according to Paul Cornell , `` one of the numerous ways that the series respects the intelligence of Press Gang viewers '' .
 Attention to detail '' such as this   is  

 Unless the second or fourth format is used , fraudulently adding votes to an approval voting ballot will not invalidate the ballot , ( that is , Approval voting will not make Approval voting appear inconsistent ) .
 Approval voting   appear  

 In addition , the nondirectional nature of Metal bonding is also thought to contribute significantly to the ductility of most Metal solids .
 the nondirectional nature of Metal bonding   is also thought  

 In recent years , the 1867 document has mainly served as the basis on which the division of powers between the provinces and federal government have been analyzed .
 the division of powers between the provinces and federal government   have been analyzed  

 As English orthography happens , these different pronunciations of - ⟨ ed ⟩ can be predicted by a few phonological rules , but that is not the reason why English orthography spelling is fixed .
 English orthography spelling   is fixed  

 The Little Tramp smiles shyly at the girl , clutching the flower to his face , his eyes full of love and hope , as City Lights ends .
 City Lights   ends  

 `` Osama bin Laden do n't think that we can finally defeat al-Qaeda until Osama bin Laden 's captured or killed '' , McChrystal said of bin Laden .
 Osama bin Laden 's   killed  

 In addition , United States revenues from Pac-Man licensed products ( games , T-shirts , pop songs , wastepaper baskets , etc. ) exceeded $ 1 billion ( inflation adjusted : $ 2.33 billion in 2011 ) .
 inflation   adjusted  

 Some fish , such as the grass carp , are specialized in eating vegetation ; others , such as the common nase , eat algae from hard surfaces , while others , such as the black carp , specialize in snails , and some , such as the silver carp , are specialized filter feeders .
 Some fish , such as the grass carp   are specialized  

 Atossa then travels to the tomb of Darius , her husband , where Aeschylus ghost appears to explain the cause of the defeat .
 Aeschylus ghost   appears  

 Wood 's mother became so excited at the possibilities , Natalie Wood overreacted and `` packed the whole family off to Los Angeles to live , '' writes Harris .
 Natalie Wood   overreacted  

 The paradox also applies within countries -- the northern U.S. states are more developed than the southern U.S. states .
 The paradox   applies  

 The King responded by granting the Consultative Council the ability History of Saudi Arabia to propose legislation .
 The King   responded  

 However , the NBCi web site continued as a portal for NBC-branded content ( NBCi.com redirected to NBCi.msnbc.com ) , using a co-branded version of InfoSpace to deliver minimal portal content .
 the NBCi web site   continued  

 Two semigroups S and T are said to be isomorphic if there is a bijection f : S ↔ T with the property that , for any elements a , b in S , f ( ab ) = f ( a ) f ( b ) .
 Two semigroups S and T   are said  

 In optical instruments such as telescopes , microscopes , or in telescopic sights used on small arms and theodolites , the error occurs when the optics are not precisely focused : the reticle will appear to move with respect to the object focused on if one moves one 's head sideways in front of the eyepiece .
 the optics   precisely focused  

 Julius Caesar powers within the state seem to have rested upon these magistracies .
 Julius Caesar powers within the state   seem  

 At the conclusion of the conference , the Maritime delegations expressed a willingness to join a confederation if the details could be worked out .
 the details   could be worked out  

 History of the Maldives was during this period that the culture of the Maldives as we now know History of the Maldives both developed and flourished .
 History of the Maldives   developed  

 Deveaux forced the Spanish to surrender on April 17 , 1783 , without a single shot fired .
 a single shot   fired  

 Additionally , as of Word 2002 , Word does automatic font substitution when Microsoft Word finds a character in a document that does not exist in the font specified .
 the font   specified  

 An important event that coincided with Pope Innocent VIII pontificate was the fall of Granada in January 1492 , which was celebrated in the Vatican with great rejoicings .
 An important event   coincided  

 Veteran service organizations such as the American Legion , Veterans of Foreign Wars , and Disabled American Veterans , as well as state-operated Veterans Affairs offices and County Veteran Service Officers ( CVSO ) , have been known to assist veterans in the process of getting care from the VA.
 Veteran service organizations such as the American Legion , Veterans of Foreign Wars , and Disabled American Veterans , as well as state-operated Veterans Affairs offices and County Veteran Service Officers   have been known  

 This Amazon is believed to be the Amazon queen Hippolyta .
 This Amazon   is believed  

 This intensified under John 's rule , with many lesser nobles arriving from the continent to take up positions at court ; many were mercenary leaders from Poitou .
 This   intensified  

 Rather than simply compiling a list of which sounds occur in a language , the Prague school sought to examine how Structuralism were related .
 Structuralism   were related  

 In 1983 , Lotterby returned to the show at the insistence of Brian Wilde , who preferred Lotterby 's use of tight shots focused on the trio as they talked rather than Bell 's wide-angle scenes .
 they   talked  

 In ancient Japan , the earliest titles for the sovereign were either ヤマト大王 / 大君 ( yamato ōkimi , Grand King of Yamato ) , 倭王 / 倭国王 ( waō / wakokuō , King of Wa , used externally ) , or 治天下大王 ( amenoshita shiroshimesu ōkimi , Grand King who rules all under heaven , used internally ) .
 waō / wakokuō   used externally  

 Other reasons that have been suggested for these services having never been run were both government policies and the disruptive privatisation of British Rail .
 these services   having never been run  

 While the role of the Kenites in the transmission of the cult is widely accepted , Tiele 's view on the historical role of Moses finds less support in modern scholarship .
 the role of the Kenites in the transmission of the cult   is widely accepted  

 The four of them had , on the back of the success of Do Not Adjust Your Set , been offered a series for Thames Television , which they were waiting to begin when John Cleese offer arrived .
 The four of them   had  

 Joseph Schumpeter argued that capitalism 's collapse from within will come about as democratic majorities vote for restrictions upon entrepreneurship that will burden and destroy the capitalist structure , but also emphasizes non-political , evolutionary processes in society where `` liberal capitalism '' was evolving into democratic socialism because of the growth of workers ' self-management , industrial democracy and regulatory institutions .
 restrictions upon entrepreneurship   will burden  

 The lactic acid produced is buffered by minerals in the shell , preventing acidosis .
 The lactic acid   produced  

 By Salvation nature , salvation must answer to the plight of humankind as Salvation actually is .
 Salvation   actually is  

 Rather , the features shown are commonly found in instances of glossolalia , suggesting that Kelley actually produced at least this set of writings via `` speaking in tongues '' .
 the features   shown  

 It is heavily implied in the book that David Lean was asked if David Lean would take over , because Bach said to the unnamed director , `` It 's like you decided to make a Western '' .
 David Lean   would take over  

 For completeness , the proposal that proteins contained amide linkages was made as early as 1882 by the French chemist E. Grimaux .
 the proposal   proteins contained  

 During the 1970s , the economic situation in Maldives suffered a setback when the Sri Lankan market for Maldives ' main export of dried fish collapsed .
 the Sri Lankan market for Maldives ' main export of dried fish   collapsed  

 Diefenbaker asked ministers supporting John Diefenbaker to stand , and when only about half did , stated that John Diefenbaker was going to see the Governor General to resign , and that Fleming would be the next Prime Minister .
 ministers supporting John Diefenbaker   to stand  

 The printing by a prominent newspaper of an article entitled `` Is War in Sight ?
 an article   entitled  

 As part of the merger , the champions of the two leagues agreed to meet in Super Bowl until the merger was effected .
 the merger   was effected  

 When the drooping ( apparent in later television interviews ) did not disappear , Allen Ginsberg was diagnosed with Reynaud 's disease .
 the drooping ( apparent in later television interviews   did not disappear  

 Randi 's offer has been publicized for three decades and dozens of people have been tested , sometimes under the scrutiny of an independent panel of judges .
 dozens of people   have been tested  

 Tax benefits accrue immediately ( only from 2007 on Between 2000 and 2010 , the number of marriages decreased while the number of PACS strongly increased .
 the number of PACS   strongly increased  

 Not trusting the Sifar ( Italian secret service ) , even though it was full of Enrico Mattei loyal supporters , Mattei constituted a sort of personal security guard made of former partisans , ENI staff by whom Enrico Mattei felt protected .
 Enrico Mattei   protected  

 On 9 June 2007 , in a failed assault on an IDF position at the Kissufim crossing between Gaza and Israel in a possible attempt to kidnap IDF soldiers , 4 armed members of the al-Quds Brigades - the military wing of Islamic Jihad - and the Al-Aqsa Martyrs ' Brigades - the military wing of Fatah - , used a vehicle marked with `` TV '' and `` PRESS '' insignias penetrated the border fence and assaulted a guard tower in what Islamic Jihad and the army said was a failed attempt to capture an Israeli soldier .
 the army   said  

 In addition , the coal industry , which had consisted of a few small mines which provided for local demand , expanded and several large scale operations , began .
 the coal industry , which had consisted of a few small mines   began  

 By convention , physical quantities are organized in a dimensional system built upon base quantities , each of which is regarded as having Physical quantity own dimension .
 a dimensional system   built  

 Melilla was part of Málaga province until 14 March 1995 , when the city 's Statute of Autonomy was passed .
 the city 's Statute of Autonomy   was passed  

 In a healthy individual , the number of CD4 + lymphocytes is in balance with the cells generated by the bone marrow ; however , in HIV-positive patients , this balance is lost due to an inability of the bone marrow to regenerate CD4 + cells .
 the number of CD4 +   lymphocytes  

 This can be used by a high-speed polling device driver , which can poll the hardware once in only three cycles by using a Branch-on-oVerflow-Clear ( BVC ) instruction that branches to MOS Technology 6502 ; for example the Commodore 1541 and other Commodore floppy disk drives use MOS Technology 6502 to detect as quickly as possible whether the serializer is ready to accept or provide another byte of disk data , as a normal test-and-branch loop takes seven cycles which is too slow in that particular application .
 a Branch-on-oVerflow-Clear ( BVC ) instruction   branches  

 The issue was published during the week of October 6 , 1996 , coinciding with an episode of Lois & Clark that also featured the wedding of the two characters .
 the week of October 6 , 1996   coinciding  

 Cardiff Arms Park signed a 50-year lease in 1937 , with Cardiff Athletic Club -- the owners of Cardiff Arms Park Park -- having no rights to break the agreement or to review the rental until 50 years expired .
 50 years   expired  

 Some skyscrapers have been built in areas where the bedrock is near surface , because this makes constructing the foundation cheaper , for example this is the case in Midtown Manhattan and Lower Manhattan , in New York City , United States , but not in-between these two parts of the city .
 this   makes  

 The Jim Rose Circus held Sideshow last known performance in 2013 at the The London Burlesque Festival.The impact of the Jim Rose Circus on pop culture inspired a new wave of performers.There are now more sideshow performers than at any other time in the genres history .
 last known performance in 2013 at the The London Burlesque Festival.The impact of the Jim Rose Circus on pop culture   inspired  

 This part gave Johnny Depp a `` chance to stretch out and have some fun '' ; Johnny Depp said working with Landau `` rejuvenated Johnny Depp love for acting '' .
 Johnny Depp   to stretch out  

 The goddess Dione ( in her name simply the `` Goddess '' ) is sometimes taken by later mythographers as a mere feminine form of Zeus ( see entry Dodona ) : if this were so , she would not have assembled here .
 this   were  

 In early November 2005 the US Department of Justice filed a brief requesting that RIM 's service be allowed to continue because of the large number of BlackBerry users in the US Federal Government .
 RIM 's service   be allowed  

 In 1997 , just thirteen years after the National Stadium had opened , it was considered too small and did not have the facilities required of the time and it was demolished and a new stadium , the Millennium Stadium , was built in Cardiff Arms Park place ( completed to a north-south alignment and opened in June 1999 ) .
 Cardiff Arms Park place   completed  

 For this purpose a writing system is `` alphabetic '' if Literacy uses symbols to represent individual language sounds , though the degree of correspondence between letters and sounds varies between alphabetic languages .
 the degree of correspondence between letters and sounds   varies  

 Determinacy refers to the possible existence of winning strategies for certain two-player games ( the games are said to be determined ) .
 the games   are said  

 Ships armed with guns ( which most merchantmen and troop transports were ) fell outside the protection from attack without warning and the requirement to place survivors `` in a place of safety '' ( for which lifeboats did not qualify ) ; therefore , Laconia incident made no difference if she was a troop ship or a passenger ship , the Laconia was a legitimate target .
 lifeboats   did not qualify  

 Based on these results , the first atom to be detected was tentatively reassigned to or 289mFl , whilst the two subsequent atoms were reassigned to and therefore belong to the unofficial discovery experiment .
 the first atom   to be detected  

 After The Next Generation began , Stewart soon found that Patrick Stewart missed acting on the stage .
 The Next Generation   began  

 As Page DuBois ( among many other experts ) points out , this attempt at making Sappho understandable and palatable to the genteel classes of Great Britain was based more on conservative sensibilities than evidence .
 Page DuBois   points out  

 Once The Sandman: Preludes & Nocturnes have nursed Dream back to health , Dream returns to his home and is shocked to see The Sandman: Preludes & Nocturnes has fallen into ruin .
 Dream   is shocked  

 Some eunuchs found Cyrus and tried to bring Cyrus the Younger to safety , but a Caunian among the king 's camp followers struck a vein behind Cyrus the Younger knee with a dart , making Cyrus the Younger fall and strike Cyrus the Younger head on a stone , whereupon Cyrus the Younger died .
 the Younger   died  

 As the 18th century progressed , the extensive literature in Latin being produced at the beginning slowly contracted .
 the beginning   slowly contracted  

 The only thing Augustine of Hippo kept was the family house , which Augustine of Hippo converted into a monastic foundation for Augustine of Hippo and a group of friends .
 Augustine of Hippo   kept  

 In practice , each of the algorithms in current use are not publicly known to have cryptanalytic weaknesses .
 each of the algorithms in current use   are not publicly known  

 Unlike many anime titles , viewers were n't expected to have knowledge of Asian culture -- character names , signs , and the like were primarily in English to begin with -- or have seen any other anime series prior .
 viewers   were n't expected  

 John Fisher execution on Tower Hill on 22 June 1535 , had the opposite effect from that which King Henry VIII intended as it created yet another parallel with that of the martyrdom of St John the Baptist who was also beheaded ; John Fisher death also happened on the feast day of Saint Alban , the first martyr of Britain .
 the Baptist   was also beheaded  

 Nose boots were made obsolete by the `` move2keys '' program that shifted files on the disk so that a specified key sequence could be used .
 a specified key sequence   could be used  

 The foundation myth is believed to have been reenacted every other year during the Agronia .
 The foundation myth   is believed  

 In many species , the larvae simply increase in size with each successive instar as more food is consumed .
 more food   is consumed  

 Ruyl also translated Matthew in 1612 to Malay language ( first Bible translation to non-European language , only a year after King James Version was published ) , which was printed in the Netherlands in 1629 .
 King James Version   was published  

 This will serve to expand the national payments system to include formal cheques , which in turn is expected to reinforce the efficacy of the use of monetary policy in domestic macroeconomic management .
 formal cheques   is expected  

 Biographer Roger Lewis documents that of all of Sellers 's wives , Frederick was the most poorly treated ; Julian Upton likened it to a boxing match between a heavyweight and a featherweight , a relationship that `` oscillated from ardour to hatred , reconciliation and remorse '' .
 Frederick   was  

 To undermine the resistance , however , and before the Eritrean reinforcement could arrive , De Vecchi began to instill distrust among the local people by buying the loyalty of some of them .
 the Eritrean reinforcement   could arrive  

 Aristotle had written a separate work on the Pythagoreans , which unfortunately has not survived .
 the Pythagoreans   unfortunately has not survived  

 A court case allowing the União do Vegetal to import and use the tea for religious purposes in the United States , Gonzales v. O Centro Espirita Beneficente Uniao do Vegetal , was heard by the U.S. Supreme Court on November 1 , 2005 ; the decision , released February 21 , 2006 , allows the UDV to use the tea in its ceremonies pursuant to the Religious Freedom Restoration Act .
 the União   do Vegetal to import  

 Each strand is individually insulated , and the strands are arranged so that at certain points in Coil , or throughout the whole winding , each portion occupies different relative positions in the complete conductor .
 Each strand   is individually insulated  

 The dams , which were built beginning in the 1880s , stored spring run-off which was released during low water to help maintain channel depth .
 The dams , which were built   stored  

 In the absence of external magnetic field , when the time used to measure the magnetization of the nanoparticles is much longer than the Néel relaxation time , Superparamagnetism magnetization appears to be in average zero : Superparamagnetism are said to be in the superparamagnetic state .
 Superparamagnetism magnetization   appears  

 The former district of quiet villas was by now anything but quiet : Potsdamer Platz had taken on an existence all Potsdamer Platz own whose sheer pace of life rivalled anything within the city .
 Potsdamer Platz   had taken  

 NBC is the 1st place network in the 18-49 demographic , boosted from the fall return of The Voice , the initial success of freshman drama Revolution and comedy Go On , and the continued success of Sunday Night Football .
 the initial success of freshman drama Revolution and comedy   Go On  

 The principal rivals of the Aleuadae were the Scopadac of Crannon , the remains of which are about 14 miles south west .
 about 14 miles   south west  

 In Jewish tradition the husband was expected to provide a home for his wife , furnished in accordance to local custom , appropriate for the husband 's status ; the marital couple were expected to live together in this home , although if the husband 's choice of work made Jewish views on marriage difficult to do so , the Talmud excuses him from the obligation .
 his wife   furnished  

 Emperor of Japan is also the highest authority of the Shinto religion as Emperor of Japan and Emperor of Japan family are said to be direct descendants of Amaterasu .
 Emperor of Japan and Emperor of Japan family   are said  

 When all densities are multiplied by 4 , and all sizes are halved , Orbit are similar ; masses are divided by 2 , gravitational forces are the same , gravitational accelerations are doubled .
 the same , gravitational accelerations   are doubled  

 However , Motorola 68030 provides an additional synchronous bus interface which , if used , accelerates memory accesses up to 33 % compared to an equally clocked 68020 .
 memory   accesses  

 RCOOH + HOCH2CH3 → RCOOCH2CH3 + H2O This reaction , which is conducted on large scale industrially , requires the removal of the water from the reaction mixture as Ethanol is formed .
 Ethanol   is formed  

 To aid Seymour Papert in Seymour Papert recovery , Papert 's rehabilitation team used some of the very principles of experiential , hands-on learning that Seymour Papert had pioneered .
 Seymour Papert   had pioneered  

 In late August 1877 , Brigham Young , president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) , issued an order to the Sanpete LDS Stake president seeking '' ... at least fifty families to locate in Castle Valley this fall '' .
 the Sanpete LDS Stake president   seeking  

 At the moment only three leisure centres are open for public use and two of these are expected to be closed down in the near future , with plans for only one of them to be re-built .
 only one of them   to be re-built  

 Soon after the conclusion of peace , important changes were made in legislation concerning industry and commerce , and the new freedom thus afforded produced a large number of limited liability companies .
 the new freedom   afforded  

 All three dialects continue to exist within modern , spoken Uzbek .
 All three dialects   continue  

 Cat Stevens response was `` Because ` Islam ' does n't have to be sloganised .
 Islam   to be sloganised  

 Waterloo, Ontario is double the size of Waterloo, Ontario previous Waterloo campus on King Street , which was sold after the University Heights building was acquired .
 the University Heights building   was acquired  

 `` The conception of a goddess enthroned like a queen and equipped with a spindle seems to have originated in Asiatic worship of the Great Mother '' , O. Brendel notes , but a lucky survival of an inscribed inventory of her temple on Delos , where she was the central figures of the Delian trinity , records her cult image as sitting on a wooden throne , clothed in a linen chiton and a linen himation .
 The conception of a goddess   seems  

 In November 1990 , following a speech to an audience of mostly Orthodox Jews from Brooklyn , as a crowd of well-wishers gathered around Meir Kahane in the second-floor lecture hall in midtown Manhattan 's Marriott East Side Hotel , Meir Kahane was assassinated .
 a crowd of well-wishers   was assassinated  

 Golden Fleece survives in various forms , among which details vary .
 Golden Fleece   survives  

 Autocorrelation is an even function and Autocorrelation is a Hermitian function For a discrete process with known mean and variance for which we observe observations , an estimate of Autocorrelation may be obtained as for any positive integer .
 a Hermitian function For a discrete process with   known  

 Conservative critics , Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky adds , may have felt threatened by the `` violence and ` hysteria ' '' they detected and felt such emotive displays `` attacked the boundaries of conventional aesthetic appreciation -- the cultured reception of art as an act of formalist discernment -- and the polite engagement of art as an act of amusement '' .
 they   detected  

 When estrogen levels were raised through the increased activity of the enzyme aromatase in male lab mice , OCD rituals were dramatically decreased .
 estrogen levels   were raised  

 League attendance continues to increase each season , with over one million fans attending games per year .
 League attendance   continues  

 The domain of ` ecology ' has been difficult to resolve because Sustainable development too has a social dimension .
 The domain of ` ecology   to resolve  

 While Mai seems to have established the existence of a Eusebius of Alexandria who lived in the fifth century , it had been objected than neither the name of Eusebius or his successor Alexander , appears in the list of the occupants of that ancient see .
 Mai   seems  

 The other series posthumously created from Roddenberry 's notes is .
 The other series posthumously created from Roddenberry 's notes   is  

 In Sierra Leone , for example , the Mende , Temne , and Creoles remain as rival power blocs between whom lines of fission easily emerge .
 lines of fission   easily emerge  

 According to Schrödinger , the Copenhagen interpretation implies that Schrödinger's cat remains both alive and dead ( to the universe outside the box ) until the box is opened .
 the box   is opened  

 Researchers had shown that guests at the local Marriott Hotel were disproportionately large consumers of pay-per-view pornographic material , accessing far more material than the store was distributing .
 the store   was distributing  

 Augustine wrote : That the good purpose of marriage , however , is better promoted by one husband with one wife , than by a husband with several wives , is shown plainly enough by the very first union of a married pair , which was made by the Divine Being Himself .
 Augustine   wrote  

 Gumuz was not recognized as distinct from neighboring Koman ; Nilo-Saharan languages was separated out ( forming `` Komuz '' ) by Bender ( 1989 ) .
 Nilo-Saharan languages   was separated out  

 France had been operating high-speed TGV services since 1981 , and had begun construction of a new high-speed line between Paris and the Channel Tunnel , LGV Nord ; French TGV technology was chosen as the basis for the new trains .
 French TGV technology   was chosen  

 In Maltese folktales the local variant of the classic closing formula , `` and Malta all lived happily ever after '' is `` u għammru u tgħammru , u spiċċat '' ( and Malta lived together , and Malta had children together , and the tale is finished ) .
 Malta   lived together  

 In a 1927 lecture , Rank ( 1996 ) observes that `` surgical therapy is uprooting and isolates the individual emotionally , as it tries to deny the emotional life '' ( p. 169 ) , the same attack Otto Rank and Ferenczi had leveled against psychoanalytic practice in their joint work .
 surgical therapy   is uprooting  

 The first reference to resurrection is collective in Ezekiel 's vision of the dry bones , when all the Israelites in exile will be resurrected .
 all the Israelites in exile   will be resurrected  

 Alfred the Great educational ambitions seem to have extended beyond the establishment of a court school .
 the Great educational ambitions   seem  

 In 1954 , the British Doctors Study , a study of some 40 thousand doctors over 20 years , confirmed the suggestion , based on which the government issued advice that smoking and lung cancer rates were related .
 the suggestion   based  

 Our political institutions can not thrive , Educational perennialism may not even survive , if we do not produce a greater number of thinking citizens , from whom some statesmen of the type we had in the 18th century might eventually emerge .
 Our political institutions   can not thrive  

 At a later date , Captain Symonds also presented Mrs. Reagan the flag that had been flying over Ronald Reagan when the former president died .
 the former president   died  

 The increase in diversity of the angiosperms is also believed to have influenced the diversity of the phytophagous species , which doubled during the Middle Jurassic .
 The increase in diversity of the angiosperms   is also believed  

 In many countries , gasoline has a colloquial name derived from that of the chemical benzene ( e.g. , German Benzin , Dutch benzine , Italian benzina , Chile bencina , Thai เบนซิน , Greek βενζίνη ) .
 Greek   βενζίνη  

 Pretty Good Privacy has the capability of delivering e-mail securely when no recipient key is found via a secure HTTPS browser session .
 no recipient key   is found  

 Early operations by the Army of the Republic of Vietnam using the vehicle showed that troops were far more effective while mounted in the vehicles than when they dismounted .
 they   dismounted  

 In 1055 , Bretislaus decreed that the Bohemia and Moravia would be inherited together by primogeniture , although he also provided that his younger sons should govern parts ( quarters ) of Moravia as vassals to his oldest son .
 the Bohemia and Moravia   would be inherited together  

 By Concorde 30th flight anniversary on 2 March 1999 Concorde had clocked up 920,000 flight hours , with more than 600,000 supersonic , much more than all of the other supersonic aircraft in the Western world combined .
 the other supersonic aircraft in the Western world   combined  

 Bolshevik revolutionary Leon Trotsky argued that , following a socialist revolution , money could not be arbitrarily abolished .
 money   could not be arbitrarily abolished  

 The MOS Technology 6502 ( pronounced `` sixty-five-oh-two '' ) is an 8-bit microprocessor that was designed by Chuck Peddle and Bill Mensch for MOS Technology in 1975 .
 The MOS Technology 6502   pronounced  

 A Roman town called Arriaca , possibly founded by a pre-Roman culture , is known to have been located in that region .
 A Roman town called Arriaca , possibly founded by a pre-Roman culture   is known  

 In a two-cylinder system , one cylinder holds compressed , inert propellant gas ( usually nitrogen ) , and the other holds flammable liquid -- typically petrol with some form of fuel thickener added to Flamethrower .
 inert propellant gas ( usually nitrogen ) , and the other holds flammable liquid   typically petrol  

 The Lynx was the second handheld game with the Atari name to actually be produced .
 the second handheld game with the Atari name   to actually be produced  

 Jury trial was first introduced in the Rhenish provinces in 1798 , with a court consisting most commonly of 12 citizens .
 a court   consisting most commonly  

 Passage of the unfolded substrate through the opened gate occurs via facilitated diffusion if the 19S cap is in the ATP-bound state .
 Passage of the unfolded substrate through the opened gate   occurs  

 Modify DN ( move/rename entry ) takes the new RDN ( Relative Distinguished Name ) , optionally the new parent 's DN , and a flag that says whether to delete the value ( s ) in the entry that match the old RDN .
 the entry   match  

 At the confluence of the Ohio and the Middle Mississippi , the Ohio is the bigger river , with Mississippi River long-term mean discharge at Cairo , Illinois being , while the long-term mean discharge of the Mississippi at Thebes , Illinois ( just upriver from Cairo ) is .
 Illinois   being  

 The first deer to be shot was not actually harmed , despite the `` gruesome close-up '' , but hit with a tranquilizer dart .
 The first deer   to be shot  

 The NTSB addressed allegations that the Islip radar data showed groups of military surface targets converging in a suspicious manner in an area around the accident , and that a 30-knot radar track , never identified and 3 nmi from the crash site , was involved in foul play , as evidenced by TWA Flight 800 failure to divert from TWA Flight 800 course and assist with the search and rescue operations .
 a 30-knot radar track   never identified  

 Once the screen has been cleared of all Asteroids (video game) and flying saucers , a new set of large asteroids appears .
 a new set of large asteroids   appears  

 Whistler 's grand hope that the publicity of the trial would rescue James Abbott McNeill Whistler career was dashed as patrons avoided James Abbott McNeill Whistler for years to come .
 years   to come  

 After the dissolution of the Rump , power passed temporarily to a council that debated what form the constitution should take .
 the constitution   should take  

 Railroads , where strategically important to the regime the coup is against , are prime targets for sabotage - if a section of the track is damaged entire portions of the transportation network can be stopped until Sabotage is fixed .
 Sabotage   is fixed  

 Whereas commercial agreements or prenuptial agreements generally do not require legal formalities to be observed , when married couples enter a property agreement , stringent requirements are imposed , including notarization , witnesses , special acknowledgment forms .
 legal formalities   to be observed  

 The differences between chimpanzee and human laughter may be the result of adaptations that have evolved to enable human speech .
 adaptations   have evolved  

 Lovering continued to do some drumming , playing with the band Cracker , as well as on one of Tanya Donelly 's solo albums , and on the Martinis ' song `` Free '' , which appeared on the Empire Records soundtrack .
 Lovering   continued  

 ... '' Nikephoros II Phokas head was cut off and paraded on a spike , while Nikephoros II Phokas body was thrown out the window .
 Nikephoros II Phokas head   was cut off  

 g protein = 0.39 g fat = 0.13 g carbs = 12.2 g fiber = 4.6 g sugars = 4.04 g calcium_mg = 8 iron_mg = 0.25 magnesium_mg = 6 manganese_mg = 0.36 phosphorus_mg = 13 potassium_mg = 85 sodium_mg = 2 zinc_mg = 0.1 vitA_ug = 3 vitA_IU = 623 betacarotene_ug = 36 lutein_ug = 91 vitC_mg = 13.3 pantothenic_mg = 0.295 vitB6_mg = 0.057 folate_ug = 1 thiamin_mg = 0.012 riboflavin_mg = 0.02 niacin_mg = 0.101 vitE_mg = 1.2 vitK_ug = 5.1 source_usda = 1 note = Link to USDA Database entry Raw cranberries have moderate levels of Vitamin C , dietary fiber and the essential dietary mineral , manganese , as well as a balanced profile of other essential micronutrients .
 g   fat = 0.13 g carbs = 12.2 g fiber = 4.6 g sugars = 4.04  

 Three minutes after the count was resumed , the hatch installation was started .
 the count   was resumed  

 Bede , however , hints that it was the death of some of the leaders of the pagan party in battle that really persuaded Laurence to stay .
 Laurence   to stay  

 Ricketts died hours before John Steinbeck arrived .
 John Steinbeck   arrived  

 With no other civil traffic operating at Concorde cruising altitude of about 56000 ft , dedicated oceanic airways or `` tracks '' were used by Concorde to cross the Atlantic .
 no other civil traffic   operating  

 Unlike in the first ballot , John Major only needed a majority of Conservative MPs to win -- in this case , 187 of the 375 MPs .
 John Major   only needed a majority of Conservative MPs to win  

 On the first night while laying siege to Siege , the leader of the Mongol forces would lead from a white tent : if Siege surrendered , all would be spared .
 all   would be spared  

 Play-by-mail game is games , of any type , played through postal mail or email .
 games , of any type   played  

 In 1954 China published maps showing substantial portions of Soviet Siberian territory as Geography of China own .
 Geography of China   own  

 One fire department , bemused by the call , asked what Chicago's American should do .
 Chicago's American   should do  

 Atari Inc. simply did not have the cash flow to complete the system quickly , given that sales of Atari 2600 own Pong systems were cooling .
 sales of Atari 2600 own Pong systems   were cooling  

 The Korybantes , also known as the Curetes , whom the scholiast on Callimachus calls her brothers , also watched over the child ; Adrasteia kept Cronus from hearing him cry by beating their swords on their shields , drowning out the sound .
 him   cry  

 Although Pluto (Disney) has been claimed that Disney named the dog after the planet , rather than after the mythical god of the underworld , this has not been verified .
 Pluto   has been claimed  

 The historian Kelly DeVries describes the period preceding Joan of Arc appearance in the following terms : `` If anything could have discouraged Joan of Arc , the state of France in 1429 should have '' .
 the state of France in 1429   should have  

 A large number of the star systems shown on the map of the Frontier sector in the basic rulebook were unexplored and undetailed , allowing the Gamemaster ( called the `` referee '' in the game ) to put whatever Star Frontiers wished there .
 Star Frontiers   wished there  

 During the same period , the UN International Monitoring Group ( IMG ) published a report claiming that the Somali government 's security forces were ineffective and corrupt , and that up to half of the food aid that was destined for the conflict-stricken parts of the country was being misdirected .
 the conflict-stricken parts of the country   was being misdirected  

 Their pilots claimed 100 aerial victories in P-40s , whilst losing 20 aircraft in combat Geoff Fisken , the highest scoring British Commonwealth ace in the Pacific , flew P-40s with 15 Squadron , although half of his victories were claimed with the Brewster Buffalo .
 half of his victories   were claimed  

 After the starquake , Neutron star will have a smaller equatorial radius , and since angular momentum is conserved , rotational speed increases .
 angular momentum   is conserved  

 Before the tournament begins , the players will agree to a blinds structure , usually set by the tournament organizer .
 the tournament   begins  

 Nitrogen fixation by cyanobacteria in coral reefs can fix twice the amount of nitrogen than on land -- around 1.8 kg of nitrogen is fixed per hectare per day .
 around 1.8 kg of nitrogen   is fixed  

 If Diefenbaker defies rehabilitation , John Diefenbaker can at least be appreciated .
 John Diefenbaker   can at least be appreciated  

 When all pac-dots are eaten , Pac-Man is taken to the next stage .
 all pac-dots   are eaten  

 Johannes Kepler eventually returned to Reuttinger ( the fifth match ) who , Johannes Kepler wrote , `` won Johannes Kepler over with love , humble loyalty , economy of household , diligence , and the love she gave the stepchildren '' .
 Johannes Kepler   wrote  

 Few then were surprised when Major 's Conservatives lost the 1 May 1997 general election to Tony Blair 's `` New Labour '' , although the immense scale of the defeat was not as widely predicted : in 1987 and 1992 the Conservatives had polled better than had been suggested by the opinion polls , but in 1997 this was no longer the case .
 the Conservatives   had polled better  

 When both bacteria are spread , serious health conditions arise .
 both bacteria   are spread  

 The so-called `` Black Dinner '' which followed saw the two boys summarily beheaded on trumped-up charges , in the presence of the ten-year-old King James II ( ruled 1437 -- 1460 ) .
 The so-called `` Black Dinner   followed  

 Natalie Wood ( born Natalia Nikolaevna Zacharenko ; ; July 20 , 1938 -- November 29 , 1981 ) was an American film and television actress best known for Natalie Wood screen roles in Miracle on 34th Street , Splendor in the Grass , Rebel Without a Cause , and West Side Story .
 Natalie Wood   born  

 For example , when considering a medical issue such as a diagnosis , satisficing is not the best decision making strategy to use .
 strategy   to use  

 When Batman defeats Dent , he discovers that Dent 's evil persona has returned .
 Dent 's evil persona   has returned  

 The last survivals of New Latin to convey non-technical information appear in the use of Latin to cloak passages and expressions deemed too indecent ( in the 19th century ) to be read by children , the lower classes , or ( most ) women .
 The last survivals of New Latin   to convey  

 After launch from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 12 the protective shroud covering Mariner Mariner 4 was jettisoned and the Agena D/Mariner Mariner 4 combination separated from the Atlas D booster at 14:27:23 UTC on November 28 , 1964 .
 launch from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 12   was jettisoned  

 Striking a deal with Augeias , Heracles proposed a payment of a tenth of Augeias ' cattle if the labour was completed successfully .
 the labour   was completed successfully  

 Chatoyancy ( `` cat 's eye '' ) is the wavy banding of colour that is observed as the sample is rotated ; asterism , a variety of chatoyancy , gives the appearance of a star on the mineral grain .
 the sample   is rotated  

 While the Armenian dialects both have a de facto accusative case , Eastern Armenian uses an Accusative case marker for transitive verbs գիրք - girkh - book ( Nominative ) ուսուցիչ - usuchičh - teacher ( Nominative ) Արամը վերցրեց գիրքը : Aramë verchrech girkhë Aram took the book .
 Արամը   վերցրեց գիրքը  

 He rejected the `` emission theory '' of Ptolemaic optics with Optics rays being emitted by the eye , and instead put forward the idea that light reflected in all directions in straight lines from all points of the objects being viewed and then entered the eye , although he was unable to explain the correct mechanism of how the eye captured the rays .
 the objects   being viewed  

 The name of Playing card is believed to derive from juker , a variant name for Euchre .
 The name of Playing card   is believed  

 Epicurus statement of the Ethic of Reciprocity as the foundation of ethics is the earliest in Ancient Greece , and Epicurus differs from the formulation of utilitarianism by Jeremy Bentham and John Stuart Mill by emphasizing the minimization of harm to oneself and others as the way to maximize happiness .
 Epicurus   differs  

 Tunguska event has been hypothesized that the passage of the asteroid through the atmosphere caused pressures and temperatures to build up to a point where the asteroid abruptly disintegrated in a huge explosion .
 Tunguska event   has been hypothesized  

 The audience 's sympathy with prisoners who ( quite understandably ) cracked thus completes the chain .
 prisoners   cracked  

 However , some flash memory drives can use pin 20 as VCC_in to power the drive without requiring a special power cable ; this feature can only be used if the equipment supports this use of pin 20 .
 this feature   can only be used  

 The version of predestination espoused by John Calvin , after whom Calvinism is named , is sometimes referred to as `` double predestination '' because in Predestination God predestines some people for salvation ( i.e.
 Calvinism   is named  

 The shows currently in the time slots The Jay Leno Show occupied are drawing lower numbers than The Jay Leno Show did .
 The Jay Leno Show   did  

 After the play ended , Paul Robeson befriended Lawrence Brown , a classically trained musician , before returning to Columbia while playing for the NFL 's Milwaukee Badgers .
 the play   ended  

 Unless Papyrus was of perfect quality , the writing surface was irregular , and the range of media that could be used was also limited .
 media   could be used  

 Camille Paglia , who called the poem `` the greatest poem of the twentieth century , '' and said `` all human beings , like Leda , are caught up moment by moment in the ` white rush ' of experience .
 all human beings , like Leda   are caught up  

 Conecuh County, Alabama name is believed to be derived from a Creek Indian term meaning `` land of cane '' .
 Alabama name   is believed  

 A more creative yet widely reported etymology divides pāramitā into pāra and mita , with pāra meaning `` beyond , '' `` the further bank , shore or boundary , '' and mita , meaning `` that which has arrived , '' or ita meaning `` that which goes '' .
 the further bank , shore or boundary , '' and mita   ita meaning  

 Lasorda was not the first to question Martínez 's stature and durability ; in the minor leagues , the then-135-pound pitcher was threatened with a $ 500 fine if Pedro Martínez was caught running .
 Pedro Martínez   running  

 With an investment in excess of 30 million GBP , the Boots Advantage Card , launched in 1997 , is / was the largest smart card retail loyalty card scheme in the world , and the third-largest retail loyalty scheme in the UK in terms of cards issued .
 cards   issued  

 As a patrol was sent , China attacked with greater numbers .
 a patrol   was sent  

 However , Ostrich are harder to manage than horses .
 Ostrich   to manage  

 In spite of this progress , however , the fate of human civilization remains closely linked to changes in the environment .
 the fate of human civilization   closely linked  

 The major new Finnish grammar , Iso suomen kielioppi , breaks with the traditional classification to limit Accusative case to the special case of the personal pronouns and kuka/ken .
 Iso suomen   kielioppi  

 The Royal New Zealand Navy ( RNZN ) replaced Kaman SH-2 Seasprite Westland Wasps with four interim SH-2F Seasprites ( ex-US Navy ) , operated and maintained by a mix of Navy and Air Force personnel known as No. 3 Squadron RNZAF Naval Support Flight , to operate with ANZAC class frigates until the fleet of five new SH-2G Super Seasprites were delivered .
 four interim SH-2F Seasprites   operated  

 The human misery of crowded industrial cities , as well as , on the other hand , the new possibilities created by science , brought changes that shook European civilization , which had , until then , regarded Modernism as having a continuous and progressive line of development from the Renaissance .
 changes that shook European civilization   had  

 Though Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky wrote to Modest that Kotek reciprocated Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky feelings , the composer distanced Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky a few months later when Kotek proved to be unfaithful .
 Kotek   proved  

 Almost as soon as Julian was born , John Lennon went on holiday to Spain with Epstein , leading to speculation about their relationship .
 Julian   was born  

 This is due to the fact that the time of year that the sun passes through a particular zodiac constellation 's position has slowly changed over the centuries from when the Greeks and Babylonians originally developed the Zodiac .
 the time of year that the sun passes through a particular zodiac constellation 's position   has slowly changed  

 In 1948 , Toby adopted two orphan rabbits for Oswald to raise .
 Oswald   to raise  

 Around the beginning of the 20th century , William James ( 1842 -- 1910 ) coined the term `` radical empiricism '' to describe an offshoot of his form of pragmatism , which he argued could be dealt with separately from his pragmatism -- though in fact the two concepts are intertwined in James 's published lectures .
 he   argued  

 The book as a whole is a frequently humorous work , in which fox-hunting , one of Sassoon 's major interests , comes to represent the young man 's innocent frame of mind in the years before war broke out .
 war   broke out  

 In a predestined universe the future is immutable and only God 's ordained set of events can possibly occur ; in a non-predestined universe , the future is mutable .
 only God 's ordained set of events   can possibly occur  

 Orangutan does not appear to have any effect on orangutans except for excessive saliva production .
 Orangutan   does not appear  

 Since Apostolicae Curae was issued many Anglican jurisdictions have revised their ordinals , bringing them more in line with ordinals of the early Church .
 Apostolicae Curae   was issued  

 The people who suffer from newmonia ( pronounced the same as the real condition pneumonia ) , are hybrids of humans and other entities .
 newmonia   pronounced  

 Among Didymus the Blind peers Didymus the Blind hermeneutical method seems to have been met with mixed reactions .
 the Blind hermeneutical method   seems  

 In 1667 , the Dutch decided to keep the nascent plantation colony of Suriname conquered from the English , resulting from the Treaty of Breda .
 the nascent plantation colony of Suriname   conquered  

 John Milton used Opiuchus as the vehicle for an epic simile in Book 2 of Paradise Lost , comparing Satan to a comet burning across the length of Opiuchus ( lines 706-10 ) : ` on th ' other side / Incensed with indignation Satan stood / Unterrified , and like a comet burned / That fires the length of Opiuchus huge / In th ' arctic sky ' .
 Satan   stood  

 A University of California , San Diego psychiatry study of more than one million adults found that people who live the longest self-report Sleep for six to seven hours each night .
 more than one million adults   found  

 Zenobius is the author of a collection of proverbs in three books , still extant in an abridged form , compiled .
 an abridged form   compiled  

 After studying seven years with the Elder Palaemon , Pachomius set out to lead the life of a hermit near St. Anthony of Egypt , whose practices Pachomius imitated until , according to legend , Pachomius heard a voice in Tabennisi that told Pachomius to build a dwelling for the hermits to come to .
 Pachomius   imitated  

 There was an expansion for Elfenland published , called Elfengold .
 an expansion for Elfenland   published  

 The stay was precipitated , Crosby said , because Drew Barrymore `` needed to be around some people that were committed to sobriety '' .
 Crosby   said  

 If the word parallax appeared to amaze them , Parallax were told that Parallax was the angle subtended by two straight lines running from both ends of the Earth 's radius to the Moon .
 two straight lines   running  

 This `` partnership '' involves Procter & Gamble donating the cost of one tetanus vaccination ( approximately 24 cents ) for every pack of Pampers sold .
 every pack of Pampers   sold  

 As the water vapor condenses into liquid , latent heat is released , which warms the air , causing Thunderstorm to become less dense than the surrounding dry air .
 latent heat   is released  

 The steel frame developed in stages of increasing self-sufficiency , with several buildings in Chicago and New York advancing the technology that allowed the steel frame to carry a building on Skyscraper own .
 The steel frame developed in stages of increasing self-sufficiency , with several buildings in Chicago and New York advancing the technology   own  

 Although the specific mechanisms between mitochondria and the cell cycle regulation is not well understood , studies have shown that low energy cell cycle checkpoints monitor the energy capability before committing to another round of cell division .
 the specific mechanisms between mitochondria and the cell cycle regulation   is not well understood  

 The first story Shmuel Yosef Agnon published there was `` Agunot '' ( `` Forsaken Wives '' ) , which appeared that same year in the journal Ha`omer .
 The first story Shmuel Yosef Agnon published   was  

 When Confederate States of America began , the US Post Office still delivered mail from Confederate States of America .
 Confederate States of America   began  

 According to the Uralistic literature the swift migration and disjunction of the Samoyedic peoples might be connected to a heavy warring in the region , probably due to the dissolution of the Xiongnu Empire in the period of the Battle of Ikh Bayan .
 the swift migration and disjunction of the Samoyedic peoples   might be connected  

 For example , Afonso de Albuquerque capture of Ormuz in 1507 against the Persians was accomplished with an army fifty times smaller .
 For example , Afonso de Albuquerque capture of Ormuz in 1507 against the Persians   was accomplished  

 In 70 CE , after the Jewish revolt was suppressed , games were held here to celebrate the victory of Titus .
 the Jewish revolt   was suppressed  

 Richard Francis Burton writes of a `` picture of St. Rosario ( in the museum of the Grand Duke of Tuscany ) , showing a circle of thirty men turpiter ligati '' which is not known to have survived .
 turpiter ligati   to have survived  

 The Right Ascension and month of best visibility given are for the three brightest stars , which are at their highest in the sky during the evening in November .
 best visibility   given  

 When The Adventures of Pinocchio reach the `` Field of Miracles '' , Pinocchio buries his gold then runs off to wait the twenty minutes The Adventures of Pinocchio will take for his gold to grow .
 his gold   to grow  

 Early in 1940 , the family moved to the north Devon town of Ilfracombe , where Sellers 's maternal uncle managed the Victoria Palace Theatre ; Sellers got Peter Sellers first job at the theatre , aged fifteen , starting as a caretaker .
 Sellers   starting  

 Specialized conferences , notably the International Conference on New interfaces for musical expression , have organized to report cutting edge work , as well as to provide a showcase for artists who perform or create music with new electronic music instruments , controllers , and synthesizers .
 artists   perform  

 Emerald , like all colored gemstones , are graded using four basic parameters -- the four Cs of Connoisseurship : Color , Cut , Clarity and Crystal .
 Emerald   are graded  

 In 2009 , Monkseaton High School , in North Tyneside , had 800 pupils aged 13 -- 19 starting lessons at 10 a.m.
 800 pupils   aged  

 Although San Marino is not a European Union member , it is allowed to use the euro as San Marino currency by arrangement with the Council of the European Union ; San Marino is also granted the right to use San Marino own designs on the national side of the euro coins .
 it   is allowed  

 Artist David Lloyd stated : `` The Guy Fawkes mask has now become a common brand and a convenient placard to use in protest against tyranny -- and I 'm happy with people using V for Vendetta , V for Vendetta seems quite unique , an icon of popular culture being used this way '' .
 popular culture   being used  

 The Terrorist (film) is not a direct biography of Dhanu , as she had a whole troupe working with her , as backup in case she failed .
 she   failed  

 The actors found their old mentor 's presence so disconcerting that D. W. Griffith was asked to cut short D. W. Griffith visit in order that filming could resume .
 filming   could resume  

 Sapphire may be found naturally , by searching through certain sediments .
 Sapphire   may be found naturally  

 Kinnock supported the aim of the strike -- which Neil Kinnock famously dubbed the `` case for coal '' -- but , as an MP from a mining area , was bitterly critical of the tactics employed .
 the tactics   employed  

 The House of Representatives has 163 members who are apportioned based on the last decennial census .
 163 members   are apportioned  

 Whether a rubber bushing can be replaced or repaired depends upon Propeller ; some can not .
 a rubber bushing   repaired  

 The Australians suffered 200 casualties in that attack and overall suffered 27 killed and 290 wounded .
 27   killed  

 The pattern of division and assassination which characterise even the strong king Dagobert 's reign continued for the next century until Pepin the Short finally deposed Dagobert I in 751 , establishing the Carolingian dynasty .
 The pattern of division and assassination   characterise even  

 Emerson-family carts come in two different lengths of black plastic cases ; the short style is similar to Atari 2600 carts in overall size .
 Emerson-family carts   come  

 Independently , in 1990 , César Sirvent proposed that a deuterium comet , i.e. , a comet with an anomalous high concentration of deuterium in Tunguska event composition , could have exploded as a natural hydrogen bomb , generating most of the energy released .
 the energy   released  

 The difference , in part , was that mu mesons did not interact with the nuclear force , as pi mesons did ( and were required to do , in Yukawa 's theory ) .
 pi mesons   did  

 After a rainstorm doused Olympic Flame a few days after the games had opened , an official re-lit the flame using his cigarette lighter .
 the games   had opened  

 For instance , blood circulation in the cardiovascular system is maintained to some extent even when the heart 's valves fail .
 the heart 's valves   fail  

 Al-Suhayli subsequently posted a video on the Internet in which he claimed that his statements had been misinterpreted .
 his statements   had been misinterpreted  

 This enzyme , which naturally occurs in retroviruses , operates on a single strand of mRNA , generating Complementary DNA complementary DNA based on the pairing of RNA base pairs ( A , U , G and C ) to Complementary DNA DNA complements ( T , A , C and G respectively ) .
 This enzyme , which naturally occurs in retroviruses   operates  

 He pointed out that Superbus had come to rule by the murder of Servius Tullius , his wife 's father , next-to-the-last king of Rome .
 Superbus   to rule  

 For example , the function f ( t ) = cos ( ω0t ) has a Laplace transform F ( s ) = s / ( s2 + ω02 ) whose ROC is Re ( s ) > 0 .
 the function f   has  

 In Speer 's plan the former Anhalter Bahnhof was earmarked to become a public swimming pool ; the intended fate of the Potsdamer Bahnhof has not been documented .
 the intended fate of the Potsdamer Bahnhof   has not been documented  

 After the Cold War ended , the issue of Hatay Province came to prominence .
 the Cold War   ended  

 The work of Marshall McLuhan was a particular culmination of an aesthetic theory which became , negatively , a social theory ... It is an apparently sophisticated technological determinism which has the significant effect of indicating a social and cultural determinism ... If the medium - whether print or television -- is the cause , of all other causes , all that men ordinarily see as history is at once reduced to effects .
 an aesthetic theory   became  

 Recently advances in the identification of the tethers between the Mitochondrion and ER membranes suggest that the scaffolding function of the molecular elements involved is secondary to other , non-structural functions .
 the molecular elements   involved  

 Old English prose first appears in the 9th century , and continues to be recorded through the 12th century as the last generation of scribes , trained as boys in the standardised West Saxon before the Conquest , died as old men .
 Old English prose   continues  

 The only other major changes were to the wings , which were simplified by removing the Model 21 's folding tips .
 the wings   were simplified  

 Milton Acorn was for a short time married to poet Gwendolyn MacEwen In 1967 , Acorn helped found the then - `` underground '' newspaper The Georgia Straight in Vancouver , BC .
 Acorn   helped found  

 Manatee are the only animal known to have a vascularized cornea .
 the only animal   known  

 Copper is considered a base metal as Metal oxidizes relatively easily , although Metal does not react with HCl .
 Metal   oxidizes relatively easily  

 Spender resigned after Propaganda emerged that the Congress for Cultural Freedom , which published the magazine , was being covertly funded by the CIA .
 Propaganda   emerged  

 The standardization for the means by which cases are brought , parties are informed , evidence is presented , and facts are determined is intended to maximize the fairness of any proceeding .
 evidence   is presented  

 The story of Golden Fleece appeard to have little resonance for Athenians of the Classic age , for only two representations of it on Attic-painted wares of the fifth century have been identified : a krater at the Metropolitan Museum of Art and a kylix in the Vatican collections .
 The story of Golden Fleece   appeard  

 Intrinsic or absolute magnitude is directly related to Star luminosity and is what the apparent magnitude Star would be if the distance between the Earth and Star were 10 parsecs ( 32.6 light-years ) .
 the apparent magnitude Star   would be  

 What they really liked was the idea of the Blitzkrieg , of London being on fire , of the country being destroyed .
 London   being destroyed  

 In general , the proteasome is not required for apoptosis , although inhibiting Proteasome is pro-apoptotic in most cell types that have been studied .
 most cell types   have been studied  

 Jason Alexander was also the principal executive producer of the series based very loosely on the life of the popular sports-media personality Tony Kornheiser .
 the series   based very loosely  

 In Germany , the original word was Posaune , appearing about 1450 and is still used today .
 the original word   appearing  

 When the Empire could spare imperial troops , Macedonia (region) attempted to regain control of Macedonia (region) lost Balkan territories .
 the Empire   could spare  

 The GNU project has a clone of Pico (text editor) called nano which has been developed because Pico (text editor) license was not a free software license , since distribution of a modified version of the code was amiguously forbidden .
 nano   has been developed  

 On Percussion instrument , keyboard instruments such as the celesta are not normally part of Percussion instrument , but keyboard percussion instruments ( which do not have keyboards ) are included .
 keyboard percussion instruments ( which do not have keyboards   are included  

 The South Equatorial Current , flowing west along the equator , swings southward east of New Guinea , turns east at about 50 ° S , and joins the main westerly circulation of the Southern Pacific Ocean , which includes the Earth-circling Antarctic Circumpolar Current .
 swings   southward  

 If the CRP continues to be normal after 72 hours of the onset of pain , the appendicitis likely will resolve on Appendicitis own without intervention .
 the CRP   continues  

 As permanently mounted arrays in the deep ocean were utilised , Sonar were in very quiet conditions so long ranges could be achieved .
 so long ranges   could be achieved  

 Pregnancy has been known to exacerbate CMT , as well as extreme emotional stress .
 Pregnancy   has been known  

 Mesoporous silica have been produced with a diameter of 1000 Å ( 100 nm ) Effective Molecule radius is the size a molecule displays in solution .
 Mesoporous silica   have been produced  

 Paper record-keeping transformed in the 1960s into a trading stamp scheme managed by the Co-operative Wholesale Society ( CWS ) , which was gradually withdrawn as margins declined .
 margins   declined  

 Church attendance had dwindled and the political climate had changed ; as Bern and Geneva quarrelled over land , their alliance frayed .
 the political climate   had changed  

 The re-migration of Swedish nationals from the U.S. was culturally more important than the absolute figures reveal .
 the absolute figures   reveal  

 The Loess Plateau is bound to the east by the Luliang Mountain of Shanxi , which has a narrow basin running north to south along the Fen River .
 The Loess Plateau   is bound  

 However , because Preorder are not anti-symmetric , some of the ordinary intuition associated to the symbol ≤ may not apply .
 some of the ordinary intuition   may not apply  

 Tunisia 's President , Habib Bourguiba , has in all probability never been hostile to the Jews , but there was always that notorious `` delay '' , which meant that the police arrived on the scene only after the shops had been pillaged and burnt .
 the shops   burnt  

 It did not make Reynolds happy , however , as Joshua Reynolds wrote to Boswell : `` If Joshua Reynolds had known what a shabby miserable place it is , Joshua Reynolds would not have asked for it ; besides as things have turned out Joshua Reynolds think a certain person is not worth speaking to , nor speaking of '' , presumably meaning the king .
 things   have turned out  

 The Hemel Hempstead roundabout , with The Magic Roundabout large central roundabout surrounded by six smaller ones , is officially named the Plough Roundabout .
 The Magic Roundabout large central roundabout   surrounded  

 Judeo-Christian has played so dominant a role ... all across the continent ... these qualities have persisted even though the original creed is lost .
 these qualities   have persisted  

 The CIA fact book suggests that in the 1990s there were only 40 km of abandoned track left .
 only 40 km of abandoned track   left  

 The choice of which antipsychotic to use is based on benefits , risks , and costs .
 The choice   to use  

 The new emperor 's harsh campaign against Yongle Emperor weaker uncles ( dubbed , lit .
 The new emperor 's harsh campaign against Yongle Emperor weaker uncles   lit  

 Somalia also stipulates that no law that is inconsistent with the basic tenets of Shari'a can be enacted .
 no law that is inconsistent with the basic tenets of Shari'a   can be enacted  

 See also : Roman -- Persian Wars Over the winter of 161 -- 62 , as more bad news arrived -- a rebellion was brewing in Syria -- it was decided that Lucius should direct the Parthian war in person .
 more bad news   arrived  

 Actor and comedian Patton Oswalt was among the first celebrities to openly voice disappointment with Leno , saying , `` Comedians who do n't like Jay Leno now , and Jay Leno 'm one of them , we 're not like , ` Jay Leno sucks ; ' it 's that we 're so hurt and disappointed that one of the best comedians of our generation ... willfully has shut the switch off '' .
 Jay Leno   sucks  

 Export with the exportin CRM1 can be inhibited by Leptomycin B. llll There are different export pathways through the NPC for each RNA class that exists .
 each RNA class   exists  

 This revival did so well that Warner Bros. re-released Dial M for Murder .
 This revival   did so well  

 This continued identification with the mother may result in what Julia Kristeva refers to in Black Sun ( 1992 ) as melancholia ( depression ) , given that female children simultaneously reject and identify with the mother figure .
 female children   simultaneously reject  

 The book was heavily edited by Robert Giroux , with around 400 pages taken out .
 around 400 pages   taken out  

 Buck Rodgers , manager since the 1985 season and , at that time , second only to Gene Mauch in number of Montreal Expos games managed , was replaced early in the 1991 season .
 Buck Rodgers , manager since the 1985 season and , at that time , second only to Gene Mauch in number of Montreal Expos games   managed  

 After the UAR was created , Michel Aflaq , leader of the Ba'ath Party , was forced by Nasser to dissolve the Ba'ath Party , .
 the UAR   was created  

 Thus the time control `` 20 minutes + 15 minutes byoyomi '' on IGS means that after the initial 20 minutes of thinking Byoyomi are over , a player is granted 15 additional minutes , which may be spent however he chooses .
 15 additional minutes   may be spent  

 The natural genetic variation within a population of organisms means that some individuals will survive more successfully than others in their current environment .
 some individuals   will survive more successfully  

 John Lennon spoke too of the hostility John Lennon perceived the other members had towards Ono , and of how John Lennon , Harrison , and Starr `` got fed up with being sidemen for Paul ... After Brian Epstein died we collapsed .
 Brian Epstein   died  

 The majority of Nintendo Nintendo 64 game cartridges were gray in color ; however , some games were released on a colored cartridge .
 some games   were released  

 Some evidence confirming 1466 can be found in Erasmus 's own words : of twenty-three statements Erasmus made about Desiderius Erasmus age , all but one of the first fifteen indicate 1466 .
 Erasmus   made  

 In James Lovelock most recent book , `` The Vanishing Face of Gaia '' , James Lovelock rejects scientific modelling that disagrees with the scientific findings that sea levels are rising faster , and Arctic ice is melting faster , than the models predict and James Lovelock suggests that we may already be beyond the tipping point of terrestrial climate into a permanently hot state .
 sea levels   are rising faster  

 John Brown (abolitionist) hoped to become a Congregationalist minister , but money ran out and John Brown (abolitionist) suffered from eye inflammations , which forced John Brown (abolitionist) to give up the academy and return to Ohio .
 money   ran out  

 In the United Kingdom , in the absence of evidence being led , the foreign law is presumed to be the same as the lex fori .
 evidence   being led  

 As Internet bandwidth availability and hard drive sizes have increased , higher bit rates up to 320 kbit/s are widespread .
 Internet bandwidth availability and hard drive sizes   have increased  

 A Harvard `` professor of plant anatomy '' examined the tree rings days after the tree was felled and pronounced Ulmus americana between 204 and 210 years old , making Ulmus americana at most 62 years old when Washington took command of the troops at Cambridge .
 the tree   pronounced  

 Video emulation ( text and graphics ) was handled through software using native Macintosh QuickDraw routines , which often resulted in operations being slower than a real Apple IIe except on higher-end machines .
 Video emulation   was handled  

 If Anjou refused , the throne would be offered to Louis XIV of France younger brother Charles , Duke of Berry .
 Anjou   refused  

 Numerous fortified castles built throughout the country are dated to his reign and some of them ( e.g. , Dowina - Devín Castle ) are also mentioned in connection with Rastislav by Frankish chronicles .
 some of them   chronicles  

 Originally a training exercise in land navigation for military officers , orienteering has developed many variations .
 Originally a training exercise in land navigation for military officers   orienteering  

 Frank Harris is Only a Schoolgirl '' references Harris and `` My Life and Loves '' , in a tale about a girl who is learning about adult relationships from a private tutor .
 My Life   Loves  

 The Tres Zapotes site , on the western edge of the Olmec heartland , continued to be occupied well past 400 BCE , but without the hallmarks of the Olmec culture .
 The Tres Zapotes site , on the western edge of the Olmec heartland   continued  

 Application life cycle management ( start , stop , install , etc. ) is done via APIs that allow for remote downloading of management policies .
 Application life cycle management ( start , stop , install , etc.   is done  

 The notion of `` mass media '' was generally restricted to print media up until the post-Second World War , when radio , television and video were introduced .
 radio , television and video   were introduced  

 A Macro is a rule of pattern that specifies how a certain input sequence ( often a sequence of characters ) should be mapped to an output sequence according to defined process .
 a certain input sequence   should be mapped  

 The successful , extensive , and multi-cultural empire that was the Persian Achaemenid Empire ( 550 -- 330 BC ) absorbed Mesopotamia , Egypt , part of Greece , Thrace , the rest of the Middle East , much of Central Asia and Pakistan , until it was overthrown and replaced by the brief-lived empire of Alexander the Great .
 it   was overthrown  

 Challenges to analytic theory began with Otto Rank and Alfred Adler ( turn of the 20th century ) , continued with behaviorists ( e.g.
 Challenges to analytic theory began with Otto Rank and Alfred Adler   continued  

 Even Plato Parmenides , in the Sophist , refers to the work of `` our Father Parmenides '' as something to be taken very seriously and treated with respect .
 something   to be taken very seriously  

 A biography states that , `` although not always a practising Catholic , Eccles was a theist and a spiritual person , and John Eccles (neurophysiologist) believed ` that there is a Divine Providence operating over and above the materialistic happenings of biological evolution ' ... ''
 a Divine Providence   operating over  

 Nineteen years later , the British government ( Labour 's Harold Wilson ) gave up the base , as Maldives was too expensive to maintain .
 Maldives   to maintain  

 Some places may allow a hand such as 10-9-8-7-A to play as a straight ( by analogy to a wheel ) in the 32-card game , the A playing low and skipping over the removed ranks ( although this is not the case in Manila ) .
 the A   skipping  

 In their treaties with the native chiefs the British were largely concerned with securing local peace so that commerce would not be interrupted .
 commerce   would not be interrupted  

 Confederate States of America had expended and extracted a profusion of blood and treasure until collapse ; `` the end had come '' .
 the end   had come  

 Philip Glass ) , used a steady pulse that defines and controls the music .
 a steady pulse   defines  

 , a Mona Lisa parody made by adorning a cheap reproduction with a moustache and a goatee .
 a Mona Lisa parody   made  

 A declaration was attached to the treaty , in which sixteen member states formally recognised the proposed symbols .
 A declaration   was attached  

 If a Java program is to exit with an error code , Java (programming language) must call System.exit
 a Java program   to exit  

 Pointing device is a pressure sensitive small nub used like a joystick .
 a pressure sensitive small nub   used  

 However , at the end , the point values lost and gained are doubled .
 the point values   gained  

 In the Crusader states of the Levant it was generally admitted that the Byzantine claims over Antioch were legally valid , though it was pragmatically viewed that only when the Byzantine emperor was in a position to enforce them militarily were they likely to be recognised in practice .
 it   was pragmatically viewed  

 The 1937 British Methodist Conference located the `` true continuity '' with the Church of past ages in `` the continuity of Christian experience , the fellowship in the gift of the one Spirit ; in the continuity in the allegiance to one Lord , the continued proclamation of the message ; the continued acceptance of the mission ; ... '' through a long chain which goes back to the `` the first disciples in the company of the Lord Himself ... This is our doctrine of apostolic succession '' which neither depends on , nor is secured by , `` an official succession of ministers , whether bishops or presbyters , from apostolic times , but rather by fidelity to apostolic truth '' .
 our doctrine of apostolic succession   neither depends  

 Several backup flames are taken along the ceremonial journey in case Olympic Flame is extinguished .
 Olympic Flame   is extinguished  

 Sunrise is just before the March equinox ( around March 19 ) ; the sun then takes three months to reach North Pole highest point of near 23 1/2 ° elevation at the summer solstice ( around June 21 ) , after which time North Pole begins to sink , reaching sunset just after the September equinox ( around September 24 ) .
 North Pole   to sink  

 After the cards are dealt , the player to the left of Blind (poker) is the first to act during the first betting round .
 the cards   are dealt  

 A related form of protection is the use of body doubles a person built similar to the person he is expected to impersonate .
 a person   built  

 In yet another fragment the resurrection is shown to be that of what has gone down , i.e. , the body ; the knowledge concerning it is the new doctrine , in contrast to that of the old philosophers .
 the knowledge   concerning  

 On May 20 , 1992 , under the authority recognized in Coleman , and in keeping with the precedent first established regarding the ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment , each house of the 102nd Congress passed its own version of a concurrent resolution agreeing that the amendment was validly ratified , despite the unorthodox period of more than 202 years for the completion of the task .
 the amendment   was validly ratified  

 Since making this decision correctly will lead to the most long-run profit for a skilled player , players often put considerable study into what the appropriate starting hand `` standards '' are for the game being played .
 the appropriate starting hand `` standards   are  

 Quantum chemistry , a subfield of physical chemistry especially concerned with the application of quantum mechanics to chemical problems , provides tools to determine how strong and what shape bonds are , how nuclei move , and how light can be absorbed or emitted by a chemical compound .
 light   can be absorbed  

 The eccentricity of Pan 's orbit causes Pan (moon) distance from Saturn to vary by ~ 4 km .
 Pan (moon) distance from Saturn   to vary  

 A review of ET measurement techniques for estimating the water requirements of urban landscape vegetation could be seen Evapotranspiration ( PET ) is the amount of water that would be evaporated and transpired if there were sufficient water available .
 A review of ET measurement techniques for estimating the water requirements of urban landscape vegetation   could be seen  

 Other Jewish thinkers , such as Nahmanides , Samuel ben Uri Shraga Phoebus , and Jacob Emden , strongly objected to the idea that Concubinage should be forbidden .
 Concubinage   should be forbidden  

 While Cindercott wishes to make a beeline for city hall to protect the mayor , the officers know Top 10 (comics) have to attack the problem at Top 10 (comics) source : superspace .
 the officers   know  

 Despite the treatments , the Mona Lisa has been well cared for throughout Mona Lisa history , and although the panel 's warping caused the curators `` some worry '' , the 2004 -- 05 conservation team was optimistic about the future of the work .
 the Mona Lisa   has been well cared  

 Orthodox Christians view apostolic succession as an important , God-ordained mechanism by which the structure and teaching of the Church are perpetuated .
 the structure and teaching of the Church   are perpetuated  

 Conflict between Palestinian nationalists and various types of pan-Arabists continued during the British Mandate , but the latter became increasingly marginalized .
 the latter   increasingly marginalized  

 The majority of characters from the reader 's world serve as the protagonists of the various books , although some are only mentioned in passing depending on chronology .
 some   in passing  

 Alhazen wrote as many as 200 books , although only 55 have survived , and many of those have not yet been translated from Arabic .
 only 55   have survived  

 Some Indian troops , including Brigadier Dalvi who commanded the forces at Thag La , were also concerned that the territory Sino-Indian War were fighting for was not strictly territory that `` we should have been convinced was ours '' .
 we   should have been convinced  

 ( Also see Isogamy and Anisogamy ) Sexual reproduction in eukaryotes is a process whereby organisms form offspring that combine genetic traits from both parents .
 organisms   form offspring  

 ( The unadventurous approach and the tendency to eat fish battered were mocked by Keith Floyd with the phrase `` unidentified frying objects '' ) .
 fish   battered  

 Based loosely on Homer 's Odyssey ( complete with a cyclops , sirens , et al. ) , the story is set in Mississippi in the 1930s and follows a trio of escaped convicts who , after absconding from a chain gang , journey home in an attempt to recover bank heist loot that the leader has buried .
 the leader   has buried  

 The largest surviving urban forest of American elms in North America is believed to be in the city of Winnipeg , Canada , where close to 200,000 elms remain .
 The largest surviving urban forest of American elms in North America   is believed  

 Loren Pope , original author of the Colleges that Change Lives college guide and former education editor for The New York Times , writes about Marlboro , saying , `` You will find the Marlboro adventure far more intense and intellectually demanding than Harvard , any other Ivy , or Ivy clone .
 Loren Pope   Lives  

 When it was released , Yankee Hotel Foxtrot reached number thirteen on the Billboard 200 , Wilco highest chart position to that date .
 it   was released  

 Since the energy of the photoelectrons emitted is exactly the energy of the incident photon minus the material 's work function or binding energy , the work function of a sample can be determined by bombarding Photoelectric effect with a monochromatic X-ray source or UV source , and measuring the kinetic energy distribution of the electrons emitted .
 the photoelectrons   emitted  

 In addition , Cecil had been elevated to the peerage as Lord Burghley in February 1571 , thus elevating Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford daughter 's rank , so the negotiations were cancelled .
 the negotiations   were cancelled  

 Johnson won by a TKO in the 12th round of the scheduled 20-rounder , when Childs ' seconds signaled Jack Johnson (boxer) could n't go on .
 Jack Johnson   could n't go on  

 Furthermore , the applied vertex transform is to be accounted , as well topology information specific to the system being evaluated as post-transform caching can introduce consistent variations in the expected results .
 the applied vertex transform   to be accounted  

 In the authentic modes Musical mode is the third of the scale , unless that note should happen to be B , in which case C substitutes for Musical mode .
 that note   should happen  

 Coronado was escorted to the further edge of Quivira , called Tabas , where the neighboring land of Harahey began .
 the neighboring land of Harahey   began  

 In 1824 , before Erie Canal was completed , a detailed Pocket Guide for the Tourist and Traveler , Along the Line of the Canals , and the Interior Commerce of the State of New York , was published for the benefit of travelers and land speculators -- possibly America 's first tour guide .
 Erie Canal   was completed  

 These preferences may arise when an arbitrary female preference for some aspect of male morphology -- initially , perhaps , a result of genetic drift -- creates , in due course , selection for males with the appropriate ornament .
 an arbitrary female preference for some aspect of male morphology   creates  

 Parthenon did not seem to have any priestess , altar nor cult name .
 Parthenon   did not seem  

 The `` Big Three '' spent days wrangling about when Operation Overlord should take place , who should command it , and where operations should begin .
 The `` Big Three   spent days wrangling  

 Despite a period of instability known as the Battle of the Booksellers when the initial copyright terms under the Statute began to expire , the Statute of Anne remained in force until the Copyright Act 1842 repealed Statute of Anne .
 the initial copyright terms under the Statute   began  

 Frequent drinking of alcoholic beverages has been shown to be a major contributing factor in cases of elevated blood levels of triglycerides .
 Frequent drinking of alcoholic beverages   has been shown  

 Results against plate armour of `` minimum thickness '' ( 1.2 mm ) were similar to the coat of plates , in that the needle bodkin penetrated to a shallow depth , the other arrows not at all .
 the needle bodkin   penetrated  

 Astigmatism is corrected with a cylindrical surface lens that curves more strongly in one direction than in another , compensating for the non-uniformity of the cornea .
 Astigmatism   is corrected  

 The first mention of the Persians dates to the 9th century BCE , when they appear as the Parsu in Assyrian sources , as a people living at the southeastern shores of Lake Urmia .
 they   appear  

 Joey Ramone was reportedly listening to the song `` In a Little While '' by U2 when Joey Ramone died .
 Joey Ramone   died  

 The loser ( always the passer-by ) was murdered , though Cercyon promised his kingdom to anyone who won .
 anyone   won  

 For example , when copying data from an optical drive to a hard drive ( such as during software installation ) , this effect probably does n't matter : Such jobs are necessarily limited by the speed of the optical drive no matter where Parallel ATA is .
 Parallel ATA   is  

 United States Department of the Interior passage was delayed by Democrats in Congress who were reluctant to create more patronage posts for the incoming Whig administration to fill .
 the incoming Whig administration   to fill  

 New terms were coined to differentiate the arts : jewellers who worked in cheaper materials were called bijoutiers , while jewellers who worked with expensive materials were called joailliers , a practice which continues to this day .
 New terms   were coined  

 That said , the situation in England was far worse than in Scandinavia , France and Prussia : as late as 1841 , 33 % of all Englishmen and 44 % of Englishwomen signed marriage certificates with their mark as they were unable to write ( government-financed public education was not available in England until 1870 and , even then , on a limited basis ) .
 they   to write  

 In 1966 , the British company Marshall Amplification began producing the Marshall 1963 , a guitar amplifier capable of producing the distorted `` crunch '' that rock musicians were starting to covet .
 rock musicians   were starting  

 Apostolic succession also uses sacred scripture in support of this practice , namely , 1 Timothy 4:12 , which states : The Methodist Church also buttresses this argument with the leg of Sacred Tradition of the Wesleyan Quadrilateral by citing the Church Fathers , many of whom concur with this view .
 the Church Fathers   concur  

 While earlier texts contextualize the Slavs ' early history and later development , texts written about an event long after Slavic peoples had occurred make the relevant information less reliable .
 texts   written  

 Keller offers the second theme in the first movement of the Fourth Symphony as an example of how this process works .
 this process   works  

 Tetraodontidae backup defense mechanism , used if successfully pursued , is to fill Tetraodontidae extremely elastic stomach with water ( or air when outside the water ) until Tetraodontidae is much larger and almost spherical in shape .
 Tetraodontidae backup defense mechanism   used  

 Thus Corona appear to have neither chromospheres nor coronae .
 Corona   appear  

 As Henry Kissinger has noted , `` The man of ` blood and iron ' wrote prose of extraordinary directness and lucidity , comparable in distinctiveness to Churchill 's use of the English language '' .
 Henry Kissinger   has noted  

 If the even-numbered beats are stressed instead , the rhythm is Syncopation .
 the even-numbered beats   are stressed instead  

 In Microsoft Excel 97/2000 the password is converted to a 40-bit key , which can also be cracked very quickly using modern equipment .
 a 40-bit key   can also be cracked very quickly  

 In 1808 , Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha was taken by the French Army led by General Hugo and Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha was destroyed .
 Castile-La Mancha   was destroyed  

 In all supposed UCMJ violations except for those headed for general court martial , should the charges be dropped , there is a six-month window in which the charges can be reinstated .
 those   headed  

 Where larger openings like garage doors are required , the tube frame must be interrupted , with transfer girders used to maintain structural integrity .
 larger openings like garage doors   are required  

 At least two of the suspects in the 2010 murder of a French Muslim Saïd Bourarach appeared to have ties to the French chapter of the JDL .
 At least two of the suspects in the 2010 murder of a French Muslim Saïd Bourarach   appeared  

 Most Spaced repetition software ( SRS ) programs are modeled after the manual style of learning with flashcards : items to memorize are entered into the program as question-answer pairs .
 items to memorize   are entered  

 Although the role of Fulbert himself as a scholar and teacher has been questioned , perhaps his greatest talent was as an administrator , who established the conditions in which the school could flourish , as well as laying the foundations for the rebuilding of Chartres Cathedral after the fire of 1020 .
 the role of Fulbert himself as a scholar and teacher   has been questioned  

 Crochet hooks used for Tunisian crochet are elongated and have a stopper at the end of the handle , while double-ended crochet hooks have a hook on both ends of the handle .
 Crochet hooks used for Tunisian crochet   are elongated  

 Polygons are fundamental to determining perimeters , not only because Perimeter are the simplest shapes but also because the perimeters of many shapes are calculated by approximating them with sequences of polygons tending to these shapes .
 the perimeters of many shapes   are calculated  

 A campaign exists to make 16 September , the date Owain raised Owain Glyndŵr standard , a public holiday in Wales .
 A campaign   exists  

 The cabin located on the main deck underneath the sterncastle is thought to have belonged to the barber-surgeon .
 The cabin located on the main deck underneath the sterncastle   is thought  

 After all Slovene minority organizations in Italy had been destroyed , the militant anti-fascist organization TIGR was formed in 1927 in order to fight Fascist violence .
 all Slovene minority organizations in Italy   had been destroyed  

 The Hollywood Production Code did not allow murderers to get away with Detour (1945 film) crimes , so Ulmer got through the censors by having Al picked up by a police car at the very end of the movie , after foreseeing his arrest in the earlier narration .
 Ulmer   got  

 Joan of Arc operated within a religious tradition that believed an exceptional person from any level of society might receive a divine calling .
 Joan of Arc   operated  

 The concepts associated with the term Allah ( as a deity ) differ among religious traditions .
 The concepts associated with the term Allah ( as a deity )   differ  

 The wing of the centre , including the undercover Green Market , near Grainger Street was demolished in 2007 so that the area could be redeveloped .
 the area   could be redeveloped  

 Preseason telecasts not seen nationally air in the area on WNBC , with WWOR serving as an overflow station for when WNBC is airing other programming such as the Summer Olympic Games .
 WWOR   serving  

 Niccolò Machiavelli , an Italian Renaissance political philosopher , wrote , `` When every province of the world so teems with inhabitants that Human population control can neither subsist where Human population control are nor remove themselves elsewhere ... the world will purge Human population control in one or another of these three ways , '' listing floods , plague and famine .
 Human population control   are  

 Third party development for the 7800 was limited as most game companies were locked into exclusive agreements with Nintendo for the NES.
 most game companies   were locked  

 When the movie 's star , Al Jolson , sings , however , the film shifts to sound recorded on the set , including both his musical performances and two scenes with ad-libbed speech -- one of Jolson 's character , Jakie Rabinowitz ( Jack Robin ) , addressing a cabaret audience ; the other an exchange between him and his mother .
 the movie 's star   sings  

 A civil war began , which lasted from February 12 until February 27 .
 A civil war   began  

 Purcell stated that he failed to understand quite why the game was cancelled , as he believed the development of the game was proceeding without hindrance , while the media put forward the view that LucasArts was moving to consolidate Sam & Max position with low business risk Star Wars video games instead of pursuing the adventure games that had brought them success in earlier years .
 the development of the game   was proceeding  

 Although it is difficult to determine without invasive measures which exact parts of the brain become most active and important for language acquisition , fMRI and PET technology has allowed for some conclusions to be made about where language may be centered .
 language   may be centered  

 After many of the people had been bitten by serpents and died , Moses made the brass serpent and mounted it on a pole , and if those who were bitten looked at it , they did not die .
 they   did not die  

 Also , the original kilogram was defined to be equal in mass to a liter of pure water ( the modern kilogram is defined by the man-made international prototype kilogram .
 the original kilogram   was defined  

 Some choices are dominated by others and can be eliminated : A will not choose A3 since either A1 or A2 will produce a better result , no matter what B chooses ; B will not choose B3 since some mixtures of B1 and B2 will produce a better result , no matter what A chooses .
 Some choices   can be eliminated  

 Later , however , Booth remarked about John Wilkes Booth `` excellent chance ... to kill the President , if John Wilkes Booth had wished '' .
 John Wilkes Booth   had wished  

 The first manga series titled was written and illustrated by Cain Kuga , distributed in North America by Tokyopop and was collected into two volumes .
 The first manga series titled   was written  

 Thus Serbo-Croatian appeared , which the Serbs officially called `` Serbo-Croatian '' or `` Serbian or Croatian '' and the Croats `` Serbo-Croatian '' , or Serbo-Croatian .
 Serbo-Croatian   appeared  

 By 1990 , the NBC Radio Network as an independent programming service was pretty much gone , becoming a brand name for content produced by Westwood One , and ultimately by , ironically , CBS Radio .
 the NBC Radio Network as an independent programming service   pretty much gone  

 In practice the number of shuffles required depends both on the quality of Shuffling and how significant non-randomness is , particularly how good the people playing are at noticing and using non-randomness .
 the people   playing  

 City Lights is all simple music , you know , in keeping with my character '' .
 you   know  

 The Georgian calendar was proposed in 1745 by an American Colonist from Maryland writing under the pen name , Hirossa Ap-Iccim ( = Rev. Hugh Jones ) .
 an American Colonist from Maryland   writing  

 The hound met Cephalus end chasing a fox ( the Teumessian vixen ) which could not be caught ; both fox and the hound were turned into stone .
 the Teumessian vixen   could not be caught  

 Following the operation , hospital director Shlomo Mor-Yosef reported Sharon 's bleeding had stopped , Ariel Sharon brain was functioning without artificial support , and that Ariel Sharon was receiving medication to prevent further bleeding .
 Sharon 's bleeding   had stopped  

 However , if Avalanche has sintered into a stiff slab overlying a weak layer then fractures can propagate very rapidly , so that a large volume of snow , that may be thousands of cubic meters , can start moving almost simultaneously .
 a large volume of snow , that may be thousands of cubic meters ,   can start  

 The ball , which Aphrodite promises to Eros , is described as if Adrasteia were the Cosmos : `` Adrasteia zones are golden , and two circular joins curve around each of them ; the seams are concealed , as a twisting dark blue pattern plays over them .
 the seams   are concealed  

 He pointed out that a body composed of cometary material , travelling through the atmosphere along such a shallow trajectory , ought to have disintegrated , whereas the Tunguska body apparently remained intact into the lower atmosphere .
 a body composed of cometary material   to have disintegrated  

 However , some states like California have civil procedure systems which deviate significantly from the federal rules ; the California Codes provide for four separate types of Class action .
 civil procedure systems   deviate significantly  

 Unsubstantiated claims about the efficacy of chiropractic have continued to be made by individual chiropractors and chiropractic associations .
 Unsubstantiated claims about the efficacy of chiropractic   have continued  

 Several fires in high-oxygen environments had been known to occur prior to the Apollo fire .
 Several fires in high-oxygen environments   had been known  

 A socialist form of organisation would eliminate controlling hierarchies so that only a hierarchy based on technical knowledge in the workplace remains .
 only a hierarchy based on technical knowledge in the workplace   remains  

 But when John Wycliffe turned John Wycliffe roughest side upon John Wycliffe opponents , as for example in John Wycliffe sermons , polemical writings and tracts , John Wycliffe met the attacks with an unfriendly tone .
 turned   John Wycliffe  

 Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky also warned conductor Eduard Nápravník that `` Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky sha n't be at all surprised and offended if you find that it is in a style unsuitable for symphony concerts '' .
 Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky   offended  

 In 1883 the county seat was moved to Double Springs to be near the center of Winston County, Alabama , since Cullman County was created from the eastern portion of Winston .
 Cullman County   was created  

 It is written moreover that the Emperor Hadrian was enamoured of Antinous '' .
 It   is written moreover  

 This same verse of the Quran ( Chapter 4 , verse 3 ) is the most authentic Islamic reference certifying that a Muslim man who could ensure equitable financial support for multiple spouses is further allowed to have concubines in addition to the prescribed four wives provided he assures justice .
 a Muslim man who could ensure equitable financial support for multiple spouses   is further allowed  

 Dynamic time warping is an algorithm for measuring similarity between two sequences that may vary in time or speed .
 Dynamic time   warping  

 `` Psychotherapist '' follows similar rules but the basic educational demands are another 1.5 years ( spread out over three years ) at a specialised course in psychotherapy ( that do vary a lot concerning theoretical footing ) , in addition to an academical level degree within a field concerning the treatment of people ( psychologist , social worker , psychiatrist a.s.o. ) .
 Psychotherapist   follows  

 La Malinche , known also as Malinalli , Malintzin or Doña Marina , was a Nahua woman from the Mexican Gulf Coast , who played a role in the Spanish conquest of Mexico , acting as interpreter , advisor , lover , and intermediary for Hernán Cortés .
 La Malinche   known also  

 As a result , 40 % of oil fields in Malaysia are developed .
 40 % of oil fields in Malaysia   are developed  

 In turn , lawyers and judges who operated the king 's system of justice in a society strictly organized into groups would not question the right of a group to sue or be sued because to do so would bring into question the entire group-oriented society in which Class action operated .
 lawyers and judges who operated the king 's system of justice in a society   would not question the right of a group to sue  

 Lois makes an appearance in `` Superfriends , Rest in Peace '' from the Challenge of the Super Friends season .
 Lois   Rest  

 The conductivity of Semiconductor may easily be modified by introducing impurities into their crystal lattice .
 The conductivity of Semiconductor   may easily be modified  

 Returning to the LexCorp building to regroup after Superman damaged his battlesuit , Lex Luthor finds that the acting CEO , Talia Head , has sold the entire company to the Wayne Foundation , forcing Lex Luthor to escape and go into hiding .
 Lex Luthor   to escape  

 About 300,000 ethnic Germans from the Nazi-conquered lands and the satellite countries categorised as Volksdeutsche joined the Waffen-SS , the majority conscripted involuntarily .
 the majority   conscripted involuntarily  

 In post-apartheid South Africa , punk has attracted a greater number of white middle-class males.It 's my home Punk subculture 's where I 'll stay and where I belong I did n't choose to be here I was born I might seem out of place but everything I hold dear is under the African sun .
 I   belong  

 A critical role for the ER in calcium signaling was acknowledged before such a role for Mitochondrion was widely accepted , in part because the low affinity of Ca2 + channels localized to the outer mitochondrial membrane seemed to fly in the face of this organelle 's purported responsiveness to changes in intracellular Ca2 + flux .
 the low affinity of Ca2   localized  

 Whether Judaism is Creed has been a point of some controversy .
 Judaism   is  

 Some sources also claim that in December 1941 , Caldwell killed a prominent German Experte , Erbo von Kageneck ( 69 kills ) , while flying a Curtiss P-40 Warhawk .
 69   kills  

 The piquet deck is a subset of the French-suited 52-card deck , with all values from 2 through 6 in each suit removed .
 all values from 2 through 6 in each suit   removed  

 Geography of São Tomé and Príncipe main islands are São Tomé Island and Príncipe Island , for which the country is named .
 the country   is named  

 Bubble formation deeper in Pressure requires Pressure , and therefore higher temperature , because the Pressure increases above the atmospheric pressure as the depth increases .
 the depth   increases  

 Another person , Soklarus , is spoken of in terms which seem to imply that Plutarch was Plutarch 's son , but this is nowhere definitely stated .
 Another person   is spoken  

 Some indeed maintain that this was done because of piety or religion ( pia reliogiosaque ) : the reason being , they say , that Hadrian wanted to extend Antinous own life-span by any means , and when the magicians demanded a volunteer to substitute for Antinous , everyone declined , but Antinous offered Antinous - hence the aforementioned honours done to Antinous .
 the reason   being  

 The spring-driven marine chronometer is a precision timepiece used aboard ship to provide accurate time for celestial observations .
 a precision timepiece   used  

 Initial voiceless stops , like the p in pie , are aspirated , with a palpable puff of air upon release , while a stop after an s , as in spy , is tenuis ( unaspirated ) .
 Initial voiceless stops , like the p in pie   are aspirated  

 Instead , the rooms that the walls housed were made to be locked from the inside .
 the rooms   housed  

 Although many of Wood 's films were commercially profitable , Natalie Wood acting was criticized at times .
 Natalie Wood   acting  

 This was said to be a colorful huge bird which ( in some versions of the legend ) in ancient times had occasionally descended to Earth to carry off humans to eat , but generally lived in the clouds unseen .
 humans   to eat  

 Many authors repeated explanations that attempted to solve the problem of the Moon appearing larger near the horizon than it does when higher up in the sky , a debate that is still unresolved .
 it   does when higher up  

 It is expected that in 2008 there will be 230 million WAP users in China with a total market valued at RMB 22 billion .
 It   is expected  

 In 1995 , following a major Symposium on the Longitude Problem organized by the National Association of Watch and Clock Collectors ( NAWCC ) at Harvard University , Dava Sobel wrote a book chronicling the history of John Harrison 's invention entitled .
 a book chronicling the history of John Harrison 's invention   entitled  

 In living off Anne Brontë own earnings , Anne Brontë was held to be stealing Anne Brontë husband 's property , since any income Anne Brontë made was legally his .
 Anne Brontë   made  

 In 2012 , KFC was the first American fast food restaurant to operate in the West Bank ; it opened in Ramallah ; a Pizza Hut is also planned .
 a Pizza Hut   is also planned  

 In a 1999 interview that was first televised in 2006 , when Ratt 's Behind the Music episode finally aired , Crosby stated , `` When Robbin Crosby die , nobody cry at Robbin Crosby funeral , in fact let 's all have a party ; Robbin Crosby 've lived the life of ten men .
 Robbin Crosby   die  

 In 2003 , a cybernetic device called eyeborg was developed to allow the wearer to hear sounds representing different colors .
 the wearer   to hear  

 This fate is said to be Kornbluth 's response to the unauthorized publication of `` Mask of Demeter '' ( as by `` Corwin '' and `` Martin Pearson '' ( Donald A. Wollheim ) ) in Wollheim 's anthology Prize Science Fiction in 1953 .
 This fate   is said  

 However , when a sound change is initiated , Sound change often expands to the whole lexicon given enough time , though not always .
 a sound change   is initiated  

 Pg 1 ) -- ੴ ਸਤਿ ਨਾਮੁ ਕਰਤਾ ਪੁਰਖੁ ਨਿਰਭਉ ਨਿਰਵੈਰੁ ਅਕਾਲ ਮੂਰਤਿ ਅਜੂਨੀ ਸੈਭ ਗੁਰ ਪ੍ਰਸਾਦਿ ॥ Ik onkar satinam karta purakhu nirbhau nirvair akal murat ajuni saibhan gurprasad One Universal Creator God , The Name Is Truth , Creative Being Personified , No Fear , No Hatred , Image Of The Timeless One , Beyond Birth , Self Existent , By Guru 's Grace .
 ਪੁਰਖੁ ਨਿਰਭਉ ਨਿਰਵੈਰੁ   ਅਕਾਲ ਮੂਰਤਿ  

 Botstein , in elaborating on this comment , suggests that listening to Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky music `` became a psychological mirror connected to everyday experience , one that reflected on the dynamic nature of the listener 's own emotional self '' .
 a psychological mirror   connected  

 Because of Philology focus on historical development ( diachronic analysis ) , philology came to be used as a term contrasting with linguistics .
 philology   came  

 Other Geordie words with Anglo-Saxon origins include : `` larn '' and `` nowt '' ( IPA : / / naʊt / , rhymes with out , `` nothing '' ) are used elsewhere in northern England .
 Other Geordie words with Anglo-Saxon origins   include  

 Coding regions are composed of codons , which are decoded and translated ( in eukaryotes usually into one and in prokaryotes usually into several ) into proteins by the ribosome .
 codons   are decoded  

 Some professions of complementary/traditional/alternative medicine , such as chiropractic medicine , have achieved full regulation in North America and other parts of the world and are are regulated in a manner similar to that governing science-based medicine .
 Some professions of complementary/traditional/alternative medicine , such as chiropractic medicine   are are regulated  

 At the start of FBI 's investigation , because of the possibility that international terrorists might have been involved , assistance was requested from the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) .
 international terrorists   might have been involved  

 Alkali is the first bases known to obey the Arrhenius definition of a base .
 the first bases   known  

 For example , the sentence `` Moses did not exist '' ( § 79 ) can mean various things .
 Moses   did not exist  

 Following the crash , Professor Alarik Frithiof Holmgren , a physiologist , investigated and concluded that the color blindness of the engineer ( who had died ) had caused the crash .
 the engineer   had died  

 Cardiff Arms Park would turn out to be the last time that South Africa would participate in the Games until 1994 .
 Cardiff Arms Park   would turn out  

 Lee Marvin was wounded in action during the WWII Battle of Saipan , in the assault on Mount Tapochau , during which most of Lee Marvin company ( `` I '' Company , 24th Marines , 4th Marine Division ) were killed .
 most of Lee Marvin company ( `` I '' Company , 24th Marines , 4th Marine Division   were killed  

 Post-apartheid punk subculture continues to be active in South African politics , organizing a 2000 festival called Punks Against Racism at Thrashers Statepark in Pretoria .
 Post-apartheid punk subculture   continues  

 Hence that Hendry 's objection was irrelevant , furthermore Milton Friedman went on to criticise the relevance of Hendry 's methods .
 Milton Friedman   went on  

 Clarke , who initially saw Owen as an archetypal cockney who could not play as solid a northern character as Compo was meant to be , recognised Owen 's potential only after going to London for a read-through with him .
 Compo   to be  

 The region is directly linked to the rest of Europe through the International Airport of Central Greece located in Nea Anchialos a short distance from Larissa .
 The region   is directly linked  

 Magnus Hirschfeld , in his 1914 work , The Homosexuality of Men and Women , reported the rate of anal sex among homosexual men surveyed to be 8 % , the least favored of all the practices documented .
 all the practices   documented  

 He and his friends , Radio Free Albemuth turns out , were just a decoy set up by VALIS to detour the government from stopping a much more popular A-List band from releasing a similar record with a better-established recording company .
 Radio Free Albemuth   turns out  

 Having many differences with most of David Lynch work , particularly in that it did not contain any profanities , sexual content or violence , The Straight Story was rated G ( general viewing ) by the Motion Picture Association of America , and as such came as `` shocking news '' to many in the film industry , who were surprised that it `` did not disturb , offend or mystify '' .
 it   offend  

 Another point of interest is that large amounts of commercial compiled code were analyzed for clues as to which instructions would be the best candidates for performance optimization .
 large amounts of commercial compiled code   were analyzed  

 Some parts of Central America also use , which the Royal Academy attributes to the interference of local indigenous languages .
 Some parts of Central America   use  

 Because of the lack of duplication between caches , Duron can be said to have 192 KB cache on board , whereas an inclusive chip such as Athlon Slot-A , with 512 KB L2 , would only have , in practice , 512 KB total ( 640K-128K ) .
 an inclusive chip such as Athlon Slot-A , with 512 KB L2   would only have  

 50.379 N 2.774 E Battle of Vimy Ridge was a military engagement fought primarily as part of Battle of Vimy Ridge , in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France , during the First World War .
 a military engagement   fought  

 The traffic problems that had blighted Potsdamer Platz for decades continued to be a big headache , despite the new lights , and these led to a strong desire to solve them once and for all .
 The traffic problems that had blighted Potsdamer Platz for decades   continued  

 Furthermore , it was only around 1500 that lute players began to transition from plectrum to plucking .
 only around 1500   lute  

 The Christian feast of Maundy Thursday finds Passover roots in the Jewish feast of Passover , the night on which the Last Supper is generally thought to have occurred .
 the Last Supper   to have occurred  

 The word ending may also be substituted by - t ( e.g.
 The word   ending  

 The melodic minor scale , having two forms , presents a tritone in different locations when ascending and descending ( when the scale ascends , Tritone appears between the third and sixth scale degrees and the fourth and seventh scale degrees , and when the scale descends , Tritone appears between the second and sixth scale degrees ) .
 the scale   ascends  

 According to the popular account given by Plutarch , Archimedes was contemplating a mathematical diagram when the city was captured .
 the city   was captured  

 Microsoft Office proprietary DOC format is considered a de facto standard , although Word 2007 can also use a new XML-based , Microsoft Office-optimized format called .
 a new XML-based , Microsoft Office-optimized format   called  

 These included George Habash 's PFLP ; the DFLP ; the Arab Liberation Front ; as-Sa ` iqa ; the Palestine Liberation Front , at that time headed by Ahmed Jibril who went on to set up the radical PFLP-GC ; and Black September , the cover name of a group of radical fedayeen associated with Arafat 's Fatah .
 Ahmed Jibril   went on  

 Organizations like the Boy Scouts of America rose , even amidst concerns by opponents of the progressive movement in the United States , because some people felt that social welfare of young men should be maintained through education alone .
 social welfare of young men   should be maintained  

 Tony refuses , insisting the story is too unrealistic , just before Hubbard arrives .
 Tony   refuses  

 Cromwell Oliver Cromwell in 1654 said `` Oliver Cromwell was by birth a gentleman , living neither in considerable height , nor yet in obscurity '' .
 Oliver Cromwell   living  

 While , compared to many other insect groups , fleas have been studied and classified fairly thoroughly , details still remain to be learned about the evolutionary relationships among the different flea lineages .
 details   to be learned  

 The 2009 Sacramento, California Museum Day brought out more than 80,000 people , the largest number the event has gathered .
 the event   has gathered  

 The raid on Harpers Ferry is generally thought to have done much to set the nation on a course toward civil war .
 The raid on Harpers Ferry   is generally thought  

 The goddess of dawn , Eos , kidnapped Cephalus when he was hunting .
 he   was hunting  

 Segovia 's arrival on the international stage coincided with a time when the guitar 's fortunes as a concert instrument were being revived , largely through the efforts of Miguel Llobet .
 Segovia 's arrival on the international stage   coincided  

 Parallax is the angle subtended by two straight lines running from both ends of the Earth 's radius to the Moon .
 two straight lines   running  

 Mountain ranges affect climate , the network of rivers , soils and their erosion , bioregions , and even human economies insofar as Andalusia rely on natural resources .
 Mountain   ranges  

 A machine with built-in speakers and audio power amplification to drive them is usually called a `` tape recorder '' or -- if Tape recorder has no record functionality -- a `` tape player , '' while one that requires external amplification for playback is usually called a `` tape deck '' ( regardless of whether Tape recorder can record ) .
 Tape recorder   can record  

 The New York Times wrote : `` Thurman , as the Brooklyn-accented June , takes a larger-than-life character and makes Uma Thurman even bigger , though the performance is often as curious as it is commanding '' .
 it   is commanding  

 The lyrics of Simon & Garfunkel songs continue to be referenced many times on television , long after their initial popularity .
 The lyrics of Simon & Garfunkel songs   continue  

 Assessment of that quality shows that Cranberry differs greatly from one commercial product to another .
 Cranberry   differs greatly  

 In Augustine of Hippo autobiographical book Milestones , Pope Benedict XVI , claims St. Augustine as one of the deepest influences in Augustine of Hippo thought .
 In Augustine of Hippo autobiographical book Milestones , Pope Benedict XVI , claims St. Augustine as one of the deepest influences in Augustine of Hippo   thought  

 Nikephoros I rule was endangered by Bardanes Tourkos , one of Nikephoros I ablest generals , who revolted and received support from other commanders , notably the later emperors Leo V the Armenian and Michael II the Amorian in 803 .
 generals   revolted  

 The Reformation theologian Calvin argued , Nahum painted God by which Nahum nature must be seen , and `` it is from that most memorable vision , when God appeared to Moses after the breaking of the tables '' .
 Nahum nature   must be seen  

 The problem was found to be nitrogen-rich ( oxygen-poor ) air leaking from the cabin into his spacesuit feed .
 The problem   was found  

 If the memory leak is in the kernel , the operating system Memory leak will likely fail .
 the operating system Memory leak   will likely fail  

 In the medieval Islamic Caliphate , a form of passport was used in the form of a bara'a , a receipt for taxes paid .
 taxes   paid  

 This was the standard form of writing , so far as books are concerned , until the 5th century , when Palaeography was replaced by a new type , the uncial , which is discussed below .
 the uncial   is discussed below  

 A finite poset can be visualized through Partially ordered set Hasse diagram , which depicts the ordering relation .
 A finite poset   can be visualized  

 Used widely throughout the Indian subcontinent , Sitar became known in the western world through the work of Ravi Shankar beginning in the late 1950s and early 1960s after the Kinks ' top 10 single `` See My Friends '' featured a low tuned drone guitar which was widely mistaken to be Sitar .
 top 10   featured  

 Most women do not experience Orgasm when the breasts are stimulated .
 the breasts   are stimulated  

 In the 1992 elections Natural Law Party won 1,734 votes ( 0.06 % ) , and in the 1999 elections , won 2,924 votes ( 0.09 % ) , both below the then 1.5 % electoral threshold required to enter the Knesset .
 the then 1.5 % electoral threshold   required  

 This can occur , for example , in regions where very high energy fluxes occur , such as near the core or in areas with high opacity as in the outer envelope .
 This   can occur  

 No modern tube based Hi-Fi systems are known to use this tube type , as simpler and more readily available tubes have again filled this niche .
 No modern tube based Hi-Fi systems   are known  

 In some countries , derestriction signs are used to mark where a speed zone ends .
 a speed zone   ends  

 Our political institutions can not thrive , Educational perennialism may not even survive , if we do not produce a greater number of thinking citizens , from whom some statesmen of the type we had in the 18th century might eventually emerge .
 Educational perennialism   may not even survive  

 Although the other Mendocino Celerons ( the 333 MHz part , for example ) did not have an A appended , some people call all Mendocino processors Celeron-A regardless of clock rate .
 an A   appended  

 However , this notion of applying `` identical '' forces to different objects brings us back to the fact that we have not really defined what a force is .
 a force   is  

 The gradual depletion of the Kuiper belt would have decreased the precession rate of Neptune 's orbit ; eventually , the frequencies matched , and Saturn 's axial precession was captured into Orbital resonance , leading to an increase in Saturn 's obliquity .
 the frequencies   matched  

 Excerpts from an interview with Lester Bangs appeared in the last two episodes of Tony Palmer 's seventeen-episode television documentary entitled .
 Tony Palmer 's seventeen-episode television documentary   entitled  

 No single morphological character appears to be diagnostic of the order Asparagales .
 No single morphological character   appears  

 The oldest parts of the Sutta Piṭaka ( for example , Majjhima Nikāya , Digha Nikāya , Saṃyutta Nikāya and the Aṅguttara Nikāya ) do not have any mention of the pāramitās as a category ( though they are all mentioned individually ) .
 they   are all mentioned individually  

 This line is pronounced because both the spectral type and the luminosity depend only on a star 's mass , at least to zeroth order approximation , as long as Main sequence is fusing hydrogen at Main sequence core -- and that is what almost all stars spend most of Main sequence `` active '' lives doing .
 active '' lives   doing  

 Disturbed by the unruly behavior of the students in Carthage , in 383 Augustine of Hippo moved to establish a school in Rome , where Augustine of Hippo believed the best and brightest rhetoricians practiced .
 the best and brightest rhetoricians   practiced  

 The dynamic dancing of the chorus of Trojans when they enter with Priam is reported by Aristophanes .
 they   enter  

 Additionally , when two third tones appear consecutively , such as in 你好 ( nǐhǎo , hello ) , the first syllable is pronounced with the second tone .
 two third tones   appear consecutively  

 Zecharias Frankel outline of rabbinical marriage law , `` Grundlinien des Mosaisch-Talmudischen Eherechts '' ( Breslau , 1860 ) , was likewise meant to serve as a text-book on that subject , as was also Zecharias Frankel attempt at a history of the post-Talmudic literature of casuistry , `` Entwurf einer Geschichte der Literatur der Nachtalmudischen Responsen '' ( Breslau , 1865 ) , which , however , is the weakest of Zecharias Frankel works .
 Grundlinien des Mosaisch-Talmudischen Eherechts   was likewise meant  

 Although the jaws protrude , the lips are thrust out only when Chimpanzee pouts .
 Chimpanzee   pouts  

 Basque fishermen , who had been fishing cod shoals off Newfoundland 's coasts since the beginning of the sixteenth century , founded Plaisance ( today Placentia ) , a haven which started to be also used by French fishermen .
 a haven   started  

 The parallel ATA protocols up through ATA-3 require that once a command has been given on an ATA interface , Parallel ATA must complete before any subsequent command may be given .
 any subsequent command   may be given  

 Toronto Maple Leafs say that the name was chosen in honour of the Maple Leaf Regiment from World War I .
 the name   was chosen  

 After the treaty has been ratified , Euroscepticism are in favour of withdrawing from the European Union completely .
 the treaty   has been ratified  

 Stephen Jay Gould father , Leonard , was a court stenographer , and Stephen Jay Gould mother , Eleanor , was an artist whose parents were Jewish immigrants living and working in the city 's Garment District .
 Jewish immigrants   living  

 Likewise an increase in energy production would cause the star to expand , lowering the pressure at the core .
 the star   to expand  

 Summit County, Utah mean elevation is 8388 ft above sea level , which is the second-highest of any county outside of Colorado .
 Utah   mean  

 Once the slide on adapter is installed , a power adapter can be attached to provide constant power .
 the slide on adapter   is installed  

 The C128 ran CP/M noticeably slower than most dedicated CP/M systems , as the Z80 processor ran at an effective speed of only 2 MHz ( instead of the more common 4 MHz ) .
 the Z80 processor   ran  

 Sanders says nothing , allowing that when you live out in the country you come to understand your neighbors , or at least accept them , because you all know how hard life can be .
 how hard life   can be  

 The name Van Mahotsava ( the festival of trees ) originated in July 1947 after a successful tree-planting drive was undertaken in Delhi , in which national leaders like Jawaharlal Nehru , Dr Rajendra Prasad and Abdul Kalam Azad participated .
 national leaders like Jawaharlal Nehru , Dr Rajendra Prasad and Abdul Kalam Azad   participated  

 The constitution was reinstated , and power was returned to Stevens , who at last assumed the office of Prime Minister .
 The constitution   was reinstated  

 Despite the publicity that Mazda gave to this model , Mazda MX-5 took more than a year to sell all units , drawing criticism that too many units had been produced ( another factor was the high price with an MSRP of $ 26,875 , about $ 6500 more than a base model ) .
 too many units   had been produced  

 A typical human B cell will have 50,000 to 100,000 antibodies bound to Antibody surface .
 50,000 to 100,000 antibodies   bound  

 Lending substance to the phrase `` the style is the man , '' Pierre Trudeau has imparted , both in Pierre Trudeau and on the world stage , Pierre Trudeau quintessentially personal philosophy of modern politics .
 Pierre Trudeau   has imparted  

 A three-step process was used , the first step being to randomly select the target conditions to be experienced by the senders .
 A three-step process   was used  

 Most of the information about Pythagoras was written down centuries after Pythagoras lived , so very little reliable information is known about Pythagoras .
 Pythagoras   lived  

 According to the historian Doris Bergen , Adolf Hitler is reputed to have coined the definition of `` Volksdeutsche '' which appeared in a 1938 memorandum of the German Reich Chancellery .
 Adolf Hitler   is reputed  

 Electrons emitted in this manner may be called photoelectrons .
 Electrons   emitted  

 Henry the Young King is said to have spent over # 200 a day on the great retinue of knights Henry the Young King brought to the tournament of Lagny-sur-Marne in November 1179 .
 Henry the Young King   is said  

 The mining sector accounts for up to 9 % of value added .
 up to 9 % of value   added  

 John White (colonist and artist) efforts did not go unrewarded ; on January 7 , 1587 Raleigh named `` John White of London Gentleman , to be the chief Governor '' of the new colony , acting under the authority of the Virginia Company .
 John White (colonist and artist) efforts   did not go unrewarded  

 Aoraki / Mount Cook is the name of a person in the traditions of the Ngāi Tahu iwi .
 Aoraki / Mount Cook is the name of a person in the traditions of the Ngāi Tahu   iwi  

 The positions of some elements change when other elements are deleted .
 other elements   are deleted  

 Further , minimax only requires ordinal measurement ( that outcomes be compared and ranked ) , not interval measurements ( that outcomes include `` how much better or worse '' ) , and returns ordinal data , using only the modeled outcomes : the conclusion of a minimax analysis is : `` this strategy is minimax , as the worst case is ( outcome ) , which is less bad than any other strategy '' .
 that outcomes   ranked  

 A more sinister explanation is that Cairn were to stop the dead from rising .
 the dead   from rising  

 In the same way the triptych is also a musical homage to the work of the group of French composers associated with Cocteau , Les Six ( and especially to Glass 's teacher Darius Milhaud ) , as well as to various 18th century composers such as Gluck and Bach whose music featured as an essential part of the films by Cocteau .
 French composers   associated  

 OS/2 used an entirely new microkernel code base , intended ( eventually ) to host several of IBM 's operating systems ( including OS/2 ) as microkernel `` personalities '' .
 an entirely new microkernel code base   intended  

 The radish is also a typical food representing people of Nanjing , which has been spread through word of mouth as a interesting fact for many years in China .
 a typical food representing people of Nanjing   has been spread  

 When gametes form , the paired alleles separate randomly so that each gamete receives a copy of one of the two alleles .
 gametes   form  

 Finally , everything comes to what is a plain flat plain at the lowest elevation possible ( called `` baseline '' ) This plain was called by Davis ' `` peneplain '' meaning `` almost plain '' Then the rejuvenation occurs and there is another mountain lift and the cycle continues .
 the cycle   continues  

 However , making of the film fell through when a fifth season was commissioned instead .
 a fifth season   was commissioned instead  

 Moreover , `` Romy '' a stout , cigar-chomping , suspendered , order-barking commander of the city desk enjoyed the fearful but absolute regard of pressmen , the composing room and the entire night staff of the Tribune Tower which owned and housed the Chicago 's American operations in Chicago's American final decades .
 cigar-chomping   suspendered  

 Most of the comets seen close to the Sun are believed to have reached their current positions through gravitational distortion of Oort cloud by the tidal force exerted by the Milky Way .
 Most of the comets   are believed  

 Michael Douglas is rumored to appear in Tragic Indifference , a courtroom thriller based on a landmark liability case against Ford Motor Company , according to Variety .
 Michael Douglas   is rumored  

 Genetic sex-determination usually depends on asymmetrically inherited sex chromosomes which carry genetic features that influence development ; sex may be determined either by the presence of a sex chromosome or by how many the organism has .
 sex   may be determined  

 As Sound film emerged , with their prerecorded musical tracks , an increasing number of moviehouse orchestra musicians found themselves out of work .
 Sound film   emerged  

 Admission the other two magnets , Visual Arts and the Youth Performing Arts School , are decided based primarily on auditions .
 Admission the other two magnets , Visual Arts and the Youth Performing Arts School   are decided  

 The resulting temperature and pressure at the hydrogen-burning core of a main sequence star are sufficient for nuclear fusion to occur and for sufficient energy to be produced to prevent further collapse of Star .
 nuclear fusion   to occur  

 During the abdication crisis of December 1936 , Joachim von Ribbentrop reported to Berlin that the reason the crisis had occurred was an anti-German Jewish-Masonic-reactionary conspiracy to depose Edward ( whom Joachim von Ribbentrop represented as a staunch friend of Germany ) , and that civil war would soon break out in Britain between the King 's supporters and those of Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin 's .
 the crisis   had occurred  

 NASA calculated that the odds of station re-entry debris hitting a human were 1 to 152 and the odds of any particular person being hit were 1 in 600 billion , although the odds of debris hitting a city of 100,000 or more were 1 to 7 and special teams were readied to head to any country hit by debris and requesting help .
 any particular person   being hit  

 However , History of Slovakia started to quarrel for domination of the whole empire .
 History of Slovakia   started  

 Concerning Sophie Germain early work in number theory , J. H. Sampson , author of `` Sophie Germain and the Theory of Numbers , '' states , `` Sophie Germain was clever with formal algebraic manipulations ; but there is little evidence that Sophie Germain really understood the Disquisitiones , and Sophie Germain work of that period that has come down to us seems to touch only on rather superficial matters '' .
 Sophie Germain work of that period   seems  

 The Genesee Valley Canal was run along the Genesee River to connect with the Allegheny River at Olean , but the Allegheny section , which would have connected to the Ohio and Mississippi rivers , was never built .
 the Allegheny section   would have connected  

 Conrad had a phobia of dentistry , neglecting Joseph Conrad teeth till they had to be extracted .
 they   to be extracted  

 Instances in which nonhuman primates have expressed joy have been reported .
 Instances in which nonhuman primates have expressed joy   have been reported  

 Mehmed II energetically pursued the attacks against the Albanian strongholds , while sending detachments to raid the Venetian possessions to keep them isolated .
 them   isolated  

 In Stephen King short story collection A Century of Great Suspense Stories , editor Jeffery Deaver noted that King `` singlehandedly made popular fiction grow up .
 popular fiction   grow up  

 Carmen Jones is Bizet 's opera Carmen updated to a World War II-era African-American setting .
 Bizet 's opera   updated  

 Investment in the telecom industry is one of the clearest signs that Somalia 's economy has continued to grow despite the ongoing civil strife in parts of the southern half of the country .
 Somalia 's economy   to grow  

 In the last years of J. R. R. Tolkien life , Tolkien became greatly disappointed by some of the liturgical reforms and changes implemented after the Second Vatican Council , as J. R. R. Tolkien grandson Simon Tolkien recalls : J. R. R. Tolkien vividly remember going to church with J. R. R. Tolkien in Bournemouth .
 J. R. R. Tolkien grandson Simon Tolkien   recalls  

 South Sea Company assets in South America were seized , which South Sea Company claimed cost it # 300,000 .
 South Sea Company assets in South America   were seized  

 Nevertheless she is at pains to stress the differences between The Chronicles of Narnia and her world : `` The Chronicles of Narnia is literally a different world '' , she says , `` whereas in the Harry books you go into a world within a world that you can see if you happen to belong .
 you   to belong  

 Less common materials that have been used include wood , glass , crystal , porcelain , and even bone .
 Less common materials   have been used  

 Shakespeare 's sonnet 116 is an example of the symbolism of the north star as a guiding principle : `` Love is the star to every wandering bark / Whose worth 's unknown , although his height be taken '' .
 his height   be taken  

 Aeschylus goes on to say at lines 1039ff .
 Aeschylus   goes on  

 As in Greece the state is still not separated from the church , only religious marriages are officially recognized and a child can be baptised under the strict condition that the parents ' marriage ( who were both baptized as Christian Orthodox ) took place in a church .
 a child   can be baptised  

 This unique RF box was also where the power supply connected in a unique dual power/television signal setup similar to the RCA Studio II 's .
 where the power supply   connected  

 But this would create more spelling inconsistencies ( such as the break/brake example above ) that would need to be resolved via the linguistic context , as English orthography are in the spoken language .
 more spelling inconsistencies ( such as the break/brake example above   to be resolved  

 The first major screen production casting a black actor as Othello would not come until 1995 with Laurence Fishburne opposite Kenneth Branagh 's Iago ( not that there have been many major screen productions of Othello , most film versions to date have been filmed stage productions ) .
 most film versions to date   have been filmed  

 With the ordinary business of government at a standstill , Bowell 's Cabinet decided Mackenzie Bowell was incompetent to lead and so , to force Mackenzie Bowell to step down , seven ministers resigned , then foiled the appointment of successors .
 Mackenzie Bowell   to step down  

 In May 1973 , with Peter Sellers third marriage failing , Sellers went to the theatre to watch Liza Minnelli perform .
 Peter Sellers   failing  

 Wild orangutans ( P. pygmaeus wurmbii ) in Tuanan , Borneo , were reported to use tools in acoustic communication .
 Wild orangutans ( P. pygmaeus wurmbii ) in Tuanan   were reported  

 Some of the more radical elements , including Al-Shabaab , regrouped to continue their insurgency against the TFG and oppose the Ethiopian military 's presence in History of Somalia .
 Some of the more radical elements , including Al-Shabaab   regrouped  

 Secretary of Agriculture Claude R. Wickard granted use of some 45100 acre of United States Forest Service land to the War Department `` for so long as the military necessity continues '' .
 the military necessity   continues  

 The age in which Stobaeus lived can not be fixed with accuracy .
 The age in which Stobaeus lived   can not be fixed  

 Alloys of nearly every metal known have been encountered in jewellery .
 nearly every metal   known  

 Shogi and go were promoted by the Tokugawa shogunate .
 Shogi   go  

 Sadly for the CIA , the part of the submarine containing the code books broke off while Manganese was being raised , so they did not get what they wanted .
 Manganese   was being raised  

 At an irreducible minimum Antinous was born to a Greek family in Bithynion-Claudiopolis , in the Roman province of Bithynia in what is now north-west Turkey , and joined the entourage of the emperor Hadrian at a young age , although nothing certain is known of how , when , or where Antinous and Hadrian met .
 nothing certain   is known  

 Ciano complained furiously that Ribbentrop had violated Joachim von Ribbentrop promise given only that spring , when Italy signed the Pact of Steel , that there would be no war for the next three years .
 Joachim von Ribbentrop promise   given  

 In a series of military operations that followed , the Sri Lanka Army re-captured the Jaffna peninsula .
 military operations   followed  

 The ruling held that public figures can not circumvent First Amendment protections by attempting to recover damages based on emotional distress suffered from parodies .
 emotional distress   suffered  

 Apostolic succession is the method whereby the ministry of the Christian Church is held to be derived from the apostles by Apostolic succession , which has usually been associated with a claim that Apostolic succession is through a series of bishops .
 the ministry of the Christian Church   is held  

 Other indicators that crochet was new in the 19th century include the 1847 publication A Winter 's Gift , which provides detailed instructions for performing crochet stitches , although Crochet presumes that readers understand the basics of other needlecrafts .
 Other indicators   crochet  

 Tam Dalyell became Father of the House after the 2001 General Election , when Sir Edward Heath retired .
 Sir Edward Heath   retired  

 According to gate control theory of pain , this area can also reduce pain when non-painful stimuli are received in conjunction with nociception .
 non-painful stimuli   are received  

 Thus , in Iriépal there is the Concepción church , constructed in the 16th century , which is known for it 's Mudejar tower .
 the Concepción church   is known  

 As resistance towards Antibiotic resistance becomes more common , a greater need for alternative treatments arises .
 As resistance towards Antibiotic resistance becomes more common , a greater need for alternative treatments   arises  

 When a Chanyu died , power could pass to his younger brother if his son was not of age .
 a Chanyu   died  

 Unlike in Medicare in Australia and private medicine in the UK , Saskatchewan sets a statutory tariff for medical services which may not be exceeded .
 medical services   may not be exceeded  

 The temple of Zeus Salaminios whose cult was established , according to tradition , by Teucer himself , must have existed since the foundation of the city ; the extant remains date to the late Hellenistic period .
 Zeus Salaminios   was established  

 However , several analytic models also exist : The Skyrmion models the nucleon as a topological soliton in a non-linear SU ( 2 ) pion field .
 several analytic models   exist  

 Although sales improved , Nintendo still dominated the handheld market .
 sales   improved  

 Clement of Alexandria may have been married , a conjecture supported by Clement of Alexandria writings .
 Clement of Alexandria   may have been married  

 As tensions between Washington and Saddam began to escalate , the Soviet Union , under Mikhail Gorbachev , strengthened its military relationship with the Iraqi leader , providing Saddam Hussein military advisers , arms and aid .
 tensions between Washington and Saddam   began  

 A moral ( from Latin morālis ) is a message conveyed or a lesson to be learned from a story or .
 a message   conveyed  

 One of the hostage-takers later admitted that Abu Nidal orders had been to fly the hostages back and forth until the NAM conference had ended .
 the NAM conference   had ended  

 Eating honey is strictly outlawed , as Ahimsa would amount to violence against the bees .
 Eating honey   is strictly outlawed  

 Shmuel Yosef Agnon daughter , Emuna Yaron , has continued to publish Shmuel Yosef Agnon work posthumously .
 Shmuel Yosef Agnon daughter   has continued  

 The love story of Rhadine made her supposed tomb on the island of Samos a pilgrimage site for star-crossed lovers in the time of Pausanias and Erato was linked again with love in Plato 's Phaedrus ; nevertheless , even in the third century BCE , when Apollonius wrote , the Muses were not yet as inextricably linked to specific types of poetry as they became .
 Apollonius   wrote  

 The first of these was the BMD-1 , which had the same firepower as the BMP-1 , but which could be carried in or even parachuted from the standard Soviet transport aircraft .
 the BMD-1   could be carried  

 The bulk of the territory that makes up present-day Sierra Leone was still the sovereign territory of indigenous peoples such as the Mende and Temne , and was little affected by the tiny population of the Colony .
 the territory   makes up  

 Among the identifying features used to make sure that the man that was killed was Booth was a tattoo on John Wilkes Booth left hand with John Wilkes Booth initials J.W.B. , and a distinct scar on the back of John Wilkes Booth neck .
 the man   was killed  

 In this venue , members can decide amongst themselves with the help of peers if a scientific paper 's ethical standards are met .
 a scientific paper 's ethical standards   are met  

 Stairs from the riverside to higher parts of the city centre and the extant Castle Keep , originally recorded in the 14th century , remain in places .
 Castle   Keep  

 In 1988 DC Comics published a ten-issue series that reprinted the Warrior stories in colour , then continued V for Vendetta to completion .
 Vendetta   to completion  

 Whereas Wade-Giles needs to use the trema to distinguish between chü ( pinyin ju ) and chu ( pinyin zhu ) , this ambiguity can not arise with pinyin , so the more convenient form ju is used instead of jü .
 the more convenient form ju   is used  

 FIDE uses the following ranges : In over-the-board chess , the staggering of the K-factor is important to ensure minimal inflation at the top end of the rating spectrum .
 FIDE   ranges  

 The text is divided into two parts , consisting of what Wittgenstein calls , in the preface , Bemerkungen , translated by Anscombe as `` remarks '' .
 Wittgenstein   calls  

 Their insanity forced the U.S. government to place both of them in indefinite cryogenic storage until Captain America could be cured of their mental illness .
 Captain America   could be cured  

 Finally , on 22 January 1555 , the council announced the decision of the Swiss churches : the original Ordonnances were to be kept and the Consistory was to regain its official powers .
 the original Ordonnances   to be kept  

 Pottery was first practised , to a limited extent , in China as early as the T'ang dynasty Transition to kilns : The earliest intentionally constructed were pit-kilns or trench-kilns -- holes dug in the ground and covered with fuel .
 The earliest   intentionally constructed  

 The demand of the Minorites that the Church should live in poverty as it did in the days of the apostles was not pleasing in such a crisis .
 the Church   should live  

 Rich of various periods , have been discovered to have sought burial in Bahrein , identified with Sumerian Dilmun .
 Rich of various periods   have been discovered  

 The generalized Borel transform allows a different weighting function to be used , rather than the exponential function , to transform functions not of exponential type .
 a different weighting function   to be used  

 Once the German submarines attacked unarmed Brazilian trading ships , President Vargas met with United States President Franklin D. Roosevelt to discuss how they could retaliate .
 they   could retaliate  

 The origin of race based politics can be traced back to independence of Malaysia from United Kingdom , who wanted all citizens of Malaysia to be equal upon independence , instead of dominance by Malays .
 The origin of race based politics   can be traced back  

 Much of the raise in the U.S. murder rate during the first half of the 20th century is generally thought to be attributed to gang violence associated with the Prohibition .
 Much of the raise in the U.S. murder rate during the first half of the 20th century   is generally thought  

 Skepticism or scepticism ( see spelling differences ) is generally any questioning attitude towards knowledge , facts , or opinions/beliefs stated as facts , or doubt regarding claims that are taken for granted elsewhere .
 any questioning attitude towards knowledge , facts , or opinions/beliefs   stated  

 In the end , Jumbo survived , although Manhattan Project tower did not , adding credence to the belief that Jumbo would have successfully contained a fizzled explosion .
 Manhattan Project tower   did not  

 The Secret Agent ( completed 1906 ) was inspired by the French anarchist Martial Bourdin 's 1894 death while apparently attempting to blow up the Greenwich Observatory .
 The Secret Agent   completed  

 In 1966 , after being the exclusive artist on The Amazing Spider-Man and the `` Doctor Strange '' feature in Strange Tales , Steve Ditko left Marvel for reasons never specified .
 reasons   never specified  

 Although some sources state that Ealdred (bishop) attended the coronation of Emperor Henry IV , this is not possible , as on the date that Henry was crowned , Ealdred (bishop) was in England consecrating an abbot .
 Henry   was crowned  

 After `` leaving Culiacan on April 22 , Coronado followed the coast , `` bearing off to the left , '' as Mota Padilla says , by an extremely rough way , to the Sinaloa .
 Coronado   bearing off  

 Foreign relations of the People's Republic of China wear silver girdles , with silver knives suspended .
 silver knives   suspended  

 Since it would be expected that a player would only make such a bet when he had the best possible hand , the folk lore says that this is how the best possible hand came to be known as the nuts .
 the best possible hand   came  

 Both Alice and Bob have arrived at the same value , because ( ga ) b and ( gb ) a are equal mod p.
 because ( ga ) b and ( gb   are  

 The basic coursework breakdown is the same as in the primary level , although classes are much more specialised .
 classes   much more specialised  

 When the merger occurred , ABA officials said their investment would more than double .
 the merger   occurred  

 For example , a pitch shifter set to increase the pitch by a fourth will raise each note four diatonic intervals above the notes actually played .
 the notes   actually played  

 However , Saint Helena service life has been extended indefinitely until the airstrip is completed .
 the airstrip   is completed  

 Joachim von Ribbentrop efforts were crowned with success with the signing of the Pact of Steel in May 1939 , though this was accomplished only by falsely assuring Mussolini that there would be no war for the next three years .
 this   was accomplished  

 Ariel Sharon observed that an `` unfettered anti-Semitism '' reigned in France .
 Ariel Sharon   observed  

 ( Cremin , 282 ) Based on Flexner 's demand that the modern curriculum `` include nothing for which an affirmative case can not be made out '' ( Cremin , 281 ) the new school organized its activities around four fundamental fields : science , industry , aesthetics and civics .
 an affirmative case   can not be made out  

 Proponents of an evidence-base for medicine such as the Cochrane Collaboration ( founded in 1993 and from 2011 providing input for WHO resolutions ) take a position that all systematic reviews of treatments , whether `` mainstream '' or `` alternative '' , ought to be held to the current standards of scientific method .
 mainstream '' or `` alternative   to be held  

 Technically speaking Draupadi was married to five different men , though Polyandry all were born to the same mother , who had 5 different men to father her children .
 Polyandry   were born  

 Captain Hook also learns to fly , thus almost defeating Peter .
 Captain Hook   to fly  

 During and immediately after the Quiet Revolution , National Holiday (Quebec) became highly politicized .
 National Holiday   politicized  

 In the interim , the view had taken hold that the comparative method -- previously used as a means of studying languages already known to be related and without any thought of classification -- is the most effective means to establish genetic relationship , eventually hardening into the conviction that it is the only legitimate means to do so .
 languages   to be related  

 In this case Oscillation is said to be driven .
 Oscillation   to be driven  

 Cases where inference was justified by the result , were seen only to be mere coincidences .
 Cases where inference was justified by the result   were seen only  

 By the residue theorem , the inverse Laplace transform depends only upon the poles and their residues .
 Laplace   transform  

 Part of Telecom 's commitment to the Commerce Commission to avoid unbundling was a promise to deliver 250,000 new residential broadband connections by the end of 2005 , one-third of which were to be wholesaled through other providers .
 one-third of which   to be wholesaled  

 When the color of Bombyx mori heads turns darker , Bombyx mori indicates that Bombyx mori are about to molt .
 Bombyx mori   to molt  

 David Attenborough 've been lucky in David Attenborough lifetime to see some of the greatest spectacles that the natural world has to offer .
 the natural world   to offer  

 Each ASU campus has an RHA that operates independently of each other .
 an RHA   operates independently  

 Another person , Soklarus , is spoken of in terms which seem to imply that Plutarch was Plutarch 's son , but this is nowhere definitely stated .
 terms   seem  

 While in Arkham , Poison Ivy (comics) receives a message through flowers that someone is to help her escape .
 someone   is  

 This ability for Mass media to be able to change how the public thinks and behaves has occurred on other occasions .
 the public   thinks  

 Wilhelm Marr published in Hamburg a final essay entitled Testament of an Antisemite in which Wilhelm Marr explained the history of Wilhelm Marr thinking , asserting that Wilhelm Marr had originally been a `` philo-Semite '' , having rejected `` the miserable Romantic madness of Germanism '' .
 Wilhelm Marr   explained the history of Wilhelm Marr thinking  

 This most commonly occurs in a high-low split game where one player knows that he has a guaranteed low hand made , his opponent can not make a better low no matter what the last card is , but the player who is low might possibly catch a lucky card that gives him a straight or flush , winning high as well .
 a guaranteed low hand   made  

 Lay and his secretary , Nancy McNeil , originally selected the name `` Enteron '' ( possibly spelled in `` camelcase '' as `` EnterOn '' ) , but , when informed that the term approximated a Greek word referring to the intestines , the name was quickly abbreviated to Enron .
 the name   possibly spelled  

 The first episode was released on GameTap in October 2006 , with episodes following regularly until April 2007 .
 episodes   following regularly  

 If an enemy touches Pac-Man , a life is lost .
 a life   is lost  

 The biography claims that George Carew noted that Mary Rose showed signs of instability as soon as her sails were raised .
 her sails   were raised  

 Several accounts exist of this incident : in one , Cromwell is supposed to have said `` you are no Parliament , Oliver Cromwell say you are no Parliament ; Oliver Cromwell will put an end to your sitting '' .
 Several accounts   exist  

 Based on this tradition , `` Mosaic law '' came to refer to the entire legal content of the Pentateuch , not just the Ten Commandments explicitly connected to Moses in the biblical narrative .
 just the Ten Commandments   explicitly connected  

 Importantly , South Sea Company also gained security over when the debt had to be repaid , which was not before seven years but then at South Sea Company discretion .
 the debt   to be repaid  

 Honeybees are said to be polyandrous because a queen typically mates with multiple males , even though mating is the only interaction that Polyandry have ( the males die off , while the queen uses stored sperm for eggs she fertilizes ) .
 a queen   typically mates  

 On 15 January 2008 , Jamiroquai confirmed that the recording process had begun .
 the recording process   had begun  

 Once an allele becomes fixed , genetic drift comes to a halt , and the allele frequency can not change unless a new allele is introduced in the population via mutation or gene flow .
 the allele frequency   can not change  

 They were not allowed passage until the ferry had serviced all others wishing to cross and were forced to take shelter under `` Mantle Rock , '' a shelter bluff on the Kentucky side , until `` Berry had nothing better to do '' .
 They   were not allowed  

 The election was flagrantly rigged ; the official tally showed 1,320,748 voted yes to another term for François Duvalier , with none opposed .
 The election   was flagrantly rigged  

 The final carrier based S-3B Squadron , VS-22 was decommissioned at NAS Jacksonville on 29 January 2009 .
 The final carrier   based  

 The photosynthetic organs of Asparagus have been the subject of some controversy ; however , most authors consider them to be flattened stems rather than leaves ( phylloclades ) .
 them   to be flattened  

 Recycling can do is to delay , complete closure of material loops to achieve 100 percent recycling of nonrenewables is impossible as micro-trace materials dissipate into the environment causing severe damage to the planets ecosystems .
 Recycling   can do  

 In The Sand Reckoner , Archimedes gives Archimedes father 's name as Phidias , an astronomer about whom nothing is known .
 nothing   is known  

 Despite a wound to the leg from a crossbow bolt , Joan of Arc continued directing the troops until the day 's fighting ended .
 the day 's fighting   ended  

 `` Solution of triangles '' is the historical term for the solving of the main trigonometric problem : to find missing characteristics of a triangle ( three angles , the lengths of the three sides etc. ) when at least three of these characteristics are given .
 at least three of these characteristics   are given  

 The name `` Talwinning '' appears as the name of streets in `` A Quarter to Midnight '' and Joking Apart , and as the surname of the protagonist in `` Dying Live '' , an episode of Murder Most Horrid written by Moffat , as well the name of a librarian in his Doctor Who prose short story , `` Continuity Errors '' , which was published in the 1996 Virgin Books anthology .
 The name `` Talwinning   appears  

 The number of Office actions and responses that may occur vary from country to country , but eventually a final rejection is sent by Patent , or the patent application is granted , which after the payment of additional fees , leads to an issued , enforceable patent .
 the patent application   is granted  

 Martin Luther 's 95 Theses were printed and circulated widely ; subsequently Johannes Gutenberg issued broadsheets outlining Johannes Gutenberg anti-indulgences position ( certificates of indulgences were one of the first items Gutenberg had printed ) .
 Gutenberg   had printed  

 When Lois Lane unknowingly receives a Red Kryptonite necklace , Lex Luthor causes Superman to turn evil causing Batman and Krypto to hold off Superman until the effects wore off .
 the effects   wore off  

 Permian ended with the largest mass extinction in Earth 's history , in which nearly 90 % of marine species and 70 % of terrestrial species died out .
 nearly 90 % of marine species and 70 % of terrestrial species   died out  

 At the time , British Airways did not know why so many Scots were selected .
 so many Scots   were selected  

 In short , Carl von Ossietzky underestimated the speed with which the Nazis would go about ridding the country of unwanted political opponents .
 the Nazis   would go  

 The military quality of the Welsh border Royalists was well proved , that of the Gloucestershire Presbyterians not less so , and , in basing himself on Gloucester and Worcester as his father had done on Oxford , Charles II hoped , naturally , to deal with the Independent faction minority of the English people more effectually than Charles I had earlier dealt with the majority of the people of England who had supported the Parliamentary cause .
 The military quality of the Welsh border Royalists   well proved  

 The New York Times reviewer Mordaunt Hall considered City Lights `` a film worked out with admirable artistry '' .
 a film   worked out  

 Acheron is a river of Hades , into which Cocytus and Phlegethon both flowed .
 Cocytus and Phlegethon   flowed  

 Aaron did as commanded ; and they entered the cave , where was prepared a bed around which angels stood .
 Aaron   did  

 Screenwriter Robert Florey wrote a treatment entitled The New Adventures of Frankenstein -- The Monster Lives !
 The Monster   Lives  

 Although Eusebius wrote of eight books of the work , only seven undoubtably survive .
 only seven   undoubtably survive  

 In this film , a woman ( Day ) receives harassing telephone calls that escalate until she is in physical danger .
 telephone calls   escalate  

 Box Elder County, Utah was named for the box elder trees with which the county abounds .
 the box elder trees   abounds  

 The rest of Europe also slowly began to permit Skyscraper , starting with Madrid , during the 1950s .
 The rest of Europe   slowly began  

 Compounding this was the fact that while citizenship tests existed for Native Americans living in newly annexed areas before and after forced relocation , individual U.S. states did not recognize tribal land claims , only individual title under State law , and distinguished between the rights of white and non-white citizens , who often had limited standing in court ; and Indian removal was carried out under U.S. military jurisdiction , often by state militias .
 citizenship tests   existed  

 Esther Stanford , an African-focused lawyer , states that this decline was encouraged because the issues of property ownership conflicted with European colonial interest .
 this decline   was encouraged  

 The technique Kerouac developed that later made Jack Kerouac famous was heavily influenced by Jazz , especially Bebop , and later , Buddhism , as well as the famous `` Joan Anderson letter '' authored by Neal Cassady .
 The technique   developed  

 One problem with ethanol is Ethanol high miscibility with water , which means that Ethanol can not be efficiently shipped through modern pipelines , like liquid hydrocarbons , over long distances .
 Ethanol   can not be efficiently shipped  

 An ancient belief is that the iris serves as a warning to be heeded , as Iris (plant) was named for the messenger of Olympus .
 a warning   to be heeded  

 Port Adelaide Football Club both announced a day after John 's death that their players will wear black armbands for their semi-final matches and the AFL players association announced that both games will have a minutes silence before the national anthem is played , which is always played before each finals match .
 the national anthem   is played  

 The effect was precisely the reverse : Henry forbade the cardinal 's hat to be brought into England , declaring that John Fisher would send the head to Rome instead .
 Henry   forbade  

 The campaign by the name ` Tree Day-Plant Your Future ' was first organized on 12 March 2008 , when an official non-working day was declared and more than 150,000 Macedonians planted 2 million trees in one day ( symbolically , one for each citizen ) .
 an official non-working day   was declared  

 Note : The entries in the table are sorted by field strength , binding through the stated atom ( i.e. as a terminal ligand ) , the ` strength ' of the ligand changes when the ligand binds in an alternative binding mode ( e.g. , when Ligand bridges between metals ) or when the conformation of the ligand gets distorted ( e.g. , a linear ligand that is forced through steric interactions to bind in a non-linear fashion ) .
 Ligand   bridges  

 The strength of MHC class I ligand binding is dependent on the composition of the ligand C-terminus , as peptides bind by hydrogen bonding and by close contacts with a region called the `` B pocket '' on the MHC surface .
 peptides   bind  

 Though Ribbentrop continued to argue that Britain and France were bluffing , both Joachim von Ribbentrop and Hitler were prepared as a last resort to risk a general war by invading Poland .
 Britain and France   were bluffing  

 Many cultural phenomena that are seen internationally as distinctively Spanish are largely or entirely Andalusian in origin .
 Many cultural phenomena that are seen internationally as distinctively Spanish   are largely  

 The RDA is expected to launch at least one call for the expression of interests related to this program each year .
 The RDA   is expected  

 The number of deposits required , however , meant that Statute of Anne was a substantial burden ; a print run might only be of 250 copies , and if Statute of Anne were particularly expensive to print , it could be cheaper to ignore the law .
 deposits   required  

 These refutations are sources of Cārvāka philosophy since , they continued to be made even after all the authentic Cārvāka / Lokāyata texts had been lost .
 all the authentic Cārvāka / Lokāyata texts   had been lost  

 When Bounos died , Epopeus , a son of Aloeus who ruled in Asopia , became king of Ephyra too .
 Bounos   died  

 The two variants of Serbo-Croatian , liturgical and non-liturgical , continued to be a part of the Glagolitic service as late as the middle of the 19th century .
 The two variants of Serbo-Croatian , liturgical and non-liturgical   continued  

 The construction of the Ringbahn around the city 's perimeter , linked to all the major stations , allowed the connecting line to be scrapped in 1871 , although the Ringbahn itself was not complete and open for all traffic until 15 November 1877 .
 The construction of the Ringbahn around the city 's perimeter   linked  

 Universal staff writer Tom Reed wrote a treatment under the title The Return of Frankenstein , a title retained until filming began .
 filming   began  

 Ethanol is one of the first structural formulas determined .
 the first structural formulas   determined  

 Pope was in relation to the latter that , in November 2008 , the United States Court of Appeals in Cincinnati decided that a case over sexual abuse by Catholic priests could proceed , provided the plaintiffs could prove that the bishops accused of negligent supervision were acting as employees or agents of the Holy See and were following official Holy See policy .
 a case over sexual abuse by Catholic priests   could proceed  

 Dean was surprised , and Milligan shut up - but Dean guessed that someone else at Pym 's was involved .
 someone else at Pym 's   was involved  

 According to Newton 's second law , we say that a body has a mass m if , at any instant of time , it obeys the equation of motion where F is the resultant force acting on the body and a is the acceleration of the body 's centre of mass .
 a mass   m  

 Other historians , however , cite Cromwell 's contemporary reports to London including that of 27 September 1649 in which Oliver Cromwell lists the slaying of 3,000 military personnel , followed by the phrase `` and many inhabitants '' .
 3,000 military personnel   followed  

 This was Martina Hingis first career Grand Slam mixed doubles title and fifteenth overall ( 5 singles , 9 women 's doubles , 1 mixed doubles ) .
 Martina Hingis first career Grand Slam   mixed  

 E. T. A. Hoffmann created far more in E. T. A. Hoffmann works than mere political commentary achieved through satire .
 mere political commentary   achieved  

 Abbey of Saint Gall was not until King Louis the Pious ( ruled 814 -- 840 ) confirmed the independence of the Abbey , that this conflict ceased .
 this conflict   ceased  

 A fan of Philip K. Dick , author of `` We Can Remember it For You Wholesale , '' the short story upon which the film was based , Cronenberg related ( in the biography/overview of David Cronenberg work , Cronenberg on Cronenberg ) that his dissatisfaction with what he envisioned the film to be and what it ended up being pained David Cronenberg so greatly that for a time , David Cronenberg suffered a migraine just thinking about it , akin to a needle piercing his eye .
 Cronenberg   related  

 On November 5 , 2004 , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) reported an increasing number of Acinetobacter baumannii bloodstream infections in patients at military medical facilities in which service members injured in the Iraq/Kuwait region during Operation Iraqi Freedom and in Afghanistan during Operation Enduring Freedom were treated .
 bloodstream infections in patients at military medical facilities   were treated  

 The abdomen is the section behind the metathorax , made up of a series of rings , each with a hole for breathing and respiration , called a spiracle , composing three different segmented sclerites : the tergum , pleura , and the sternum .
 the section behind the metathorax   made up  

 For this reason the Gregory method ( also known as Newland-Britain or Senatorial rules ) was invented , which eliminates randomness by allowing for the transfer of fractions of votes .
 the Gregory method   was invented  

 Some of the letter names are pronounced as Enochian would be in English , but many are pronounced differently .
 many   are pronounced differently  

 Unlike the ECU , the euro is a real currency , although not all member states participate ( for details on Euro membership see Eurozone ) .
 not all member states   participate  

 David fails to convince the constable that Susan makes things up `` from motion pictures she 's seen '' .
 she   's seen  

 Chips with mask set 2E23G ( as used in the LC 475 ) have been confirmed to be faulty .
 Chips with mask set 2E23G ( as used in the LC 475 )   have been confirmed  

 ILECs argue that LLU amounts to a regulatory taking , that Local-loop unbundling are forced to provide competitors with essential business inputs , that LLU stifles infrastructure-based competition and technical innovation because new entrants prefer to ` parasitise ' the incumbent 's network instead of building their own and that the regulatory interference required to make LLU work ( e.g. , to set the LLU access price ) is detrimental to the market .
 the regulatory interference   required  

 In another case , Nature allowed a Corrigendum to be published despite clear evidence of image fraud .
 a Corrigendum   to be published  

 In these cases , because the force being applied is acting on a short moment arm , the forces must be larger , which incurs a larger induced drag penalty that may outweigh the reduction in weight the lack of a fuselage brings , particularly for larger aircraft where weight is less critical than drag .
 the force   being applied  

 Minerals that often display parting include the pyroxenes , hematite , magnetite , and corundum .
 Minerals   parting  

 We find Elizabeth not in the verbal domain , the world of words , but the nonverbal domain ( the two , Alfred Korzybski said , amount to different orders of abstraction ) .
 Alfred Korzybski   said  

 Single-chip processors increase reliability as there are many fewer electrical connections to fail .
 many fewer electrical connections   to fail  

 If the bark is removed around the entire circumference of Olive it is likely to die .
 it   to die  

 The problem lay in that Allan and Sir John A. Macdonald highly , and secretly , were in cahoots with American financiers such as George W. McMullen and Jay Cooke , men who were deeply interested in the rival American undertaking , the Northern Pacific Railroad .
 The problem   lay  

 When Lois Lane and Clark Kent are invited to a society gala aboard Lex Luthor yacht , terrorists seize the ship without warning , forcing Superman to intervene .
 Superman   to intervene  

 The Stasi also acted as a proxy for KGB to conduct activities in other Eastern Bloc countries , such as Poland , where the Soviets were despised .
 the Soviets   were despised  

 Dune is likely composed of hydrocarbon particles , possibly with some water ice mixed in .
 some water ice   mixed in  

 Although federal property within Area 51 is exempt from state and local taxes , facilities owned by private contractors are not .
 facilities owned by private contractors   are not  

 The pressure to plan for a secure future in law reached its climax in January 1852 , when Jules Verne father offered Verne Jules Verne own Nantes law practice .
 Jules Verne father   offered  

 Superconductivity are used to build Josephson junctions which are the building blocks of SQUIDs ( Superconductivity quantum interference devices ) , the most sensitive magnetometers known .
 the most sensitive magnetometers   known  

 In other legal cases , Camille Pissarro Le Quai Malaquais , Printemps is said to have been similarly stolen , along with the estimated 650,000 lost works of art , including those by other French Impressionists .
 Printemps   to have been similarly stolen  

 The geostrategic position of Andalusia in the extreme south of Europe , providing ( along with Morocco ) a gateway between Europe and Africa , added to its position between the Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea , as well as its rich deposits of minerals and its agricultural wealth , have made Andalusia a tempting prize for civilizations since prehistoric times .
 The geostrategic position of Andalusia in the extreme south of Europe   added  

 At the end of the 17th century , two influential military engineers , the French Marshal Vauban and the Dutch military engineer Menno van Coehoorn , developed modern fortification to Siege pinnacle , refining siege warfare without fundamentally altering it : ditches would be dug ; walls would be protected by glacis ; and bastions would enfilade an attacker .
 ditches   would be dug  

 Allen Ginsberg 'm with you in Rockland '' , and , thus , turned Solomon into an archetypal figure searching for freedom from Allen Ginsberg `` straightjacket '' .
 freedom from Allen Ginsberg   straightjacket  

 Jubilees states the sacrifice was eaten that night , and together with Josephus states that nothing of the sacrifice was allowed to remain until morning .
 nothing of the sacrifice   was allowed  

 To simplify animation of sprites , AMOS (programming language) included the AMOS (programming language) Animation Language ( AMAL ) , a compiled sprite scripting language which runs independently of the main AMOS BASIC program .
 a compiled sprite scripting language   runs independently  

 Where approval for a drug has been given , and subsequent Evidence-based medicine findings indicating that a drug may be less safe than originally anticipated , some insurers in the U.S. have reacted very cautiously and withdrawn funding .
 approval for a drug   has been given  

 An early name of Triangulum was Sicilia , because Ceres , patron goddess of Sicily , was claimed to have begged Jupiter that the island be placed in the heavens .
 Ceres   was claimed  

 A similar fate awaits a world with a population explosion if only the symptoms are treated .
 only the symptoms   are treated  

 While a number of attempts at setting up small industrial units on Achill Island have been made , the economy of Achill Island is largely dependent on tourism .
 a number of attempts at setting up small industrial units on Achill Island   have been made  

 Military of Afghanistan currently has around 200,000 active soldiers , which are expected to reach 260,000 by 2015 .
 around 200,000 active soldiers   are expected  

 Later , Freud came to believe that , although child abuse occurs , not all neurotic symptoms were associated with this .
 child abuse   occurs  

 When Jason came to know of this , Medea was already gone ; she fled to Athens in a chariot sent by her grandfather , the sun-god Helios .
 Jason   came  

 While the opera 's themes are Imperialism , apartheid , and torture , Philip Glass chose an understated approach by using `` very simple means , and the orchestration is very clear and very traditional ; it 's almost classical in sound '' , as the conductor D. Russell Davies notes .
 the conductor   notes  

 The area which Scansano lies within is called Maremma .
 The area   lies  

 The increased collection of fluid into the tissue causes Inflammation to swell ( edema ) .
 Inflammation   to swell  

 Gutenberg 's early printing process , and what tests Johannes Gutenberg may have made with movable type , are not known in great detail .
 Johannes Gutenberg   may have made  

 This changed after the start of the civil war , when a number of new shari'a courts began to spring up in many different cities and towns across History of Somalia .
 a number of new shari'a courts   began  

 To evaluate the Motorola 6800 architecture while the chip was being designed , Jeff 's team built an equivalent circuit using 451 small scale TTL ICs on five 10 by 10 inch ( 25 by 25 cm ) circuit boards .
 the chip   was being designed  

 The existence of the smallest large cardinal typically studied , an inaccessible cardinal , already implies the consistency of ZFC .
 the smallest large cardinal   typically studied  

 As it turned out , the Afghan military was entirely dependent on Soviet aid to function .
 it   turned out  

 `` Marriage in the United States is a civil union ; but Civil union , as it has come to be called , is not marriage , '' said Evan Wolfson of Freedom to Marry .
 it   to be called  

 Call-by-value allows expressions to be used as parameters , so that the value of the expression is passed down to the procedure .
 the value of the expression   is passed down  

 Measuring the actual satisfaction of people as opposed to how money orientated a country is .
 Measuring the actual satisfaction of people as opposed to how money orientated a country   is  

 On the other hand , in Tibet , which is the best-documented cultural domain within which polyandry is practiced , certain polyandrists themselves testify that the marriage form is difficult to sustain .
 the marriage form   to sustain  

 However , since the lifespan of such stars is greater than the current age of the universe ( 13.8 billion years ) , no stars under about 0.85 solar masses are expected to have moved off of the main sequence .
 no stars under about 0.85 solar masses   are expected  

 Since the identity of nationalists is linked to their allegiance to the state , the presence of strangers who do not share this allegiance may result in hostility .
 the identity of nationalists   is linked  

 This pass may also be omitted if the executable is a position independent executable .
 This pass   may also be omitted  

 At Plutarch country estate , guests from all over the empire congregated for serious conversation , presided over by Plutarch in Plutarch marble chair .
 serious conversation   presided  

 The operator A is said to be the infinitesimal generator of Semigroup .
 The operator A   is said  

 There are basic assumptions derived from philosophy that form the base of the scientific method - namely , that reality is objective and consistent , that humans have the capacity to perceive reality accurately , and that rational explanations exist for elements of the real world .
 rational explanations   exist  

 All bilateria are thought to have descended from a common wormlike ancestor that appeared in the Cambrian period , 550 -- 600 million years ago .
 All bilateria   are thought  

 Cārvāka was a living philosophy up to the 12th century AD after which this system seems to have disappeared without leaving any trace .
 this system   to have disappeared  

 In the region of convergence Re ( s ) > Re ( s0 ) , the Laplace transform of f can be expressed by integrating by parts as the integral That is , in the region of convergence F ( s ) can effectively be expressed as the absolutely convergent Laplace transform of some other function .
 integral That   is  

 The last song Michael Hutchence recorded was `` Possibilities '' .
 The last song   recorded  

 Since Empire governed other countries via surrogates -- domestically-weak , right-wing governments that collapse without US support .
 domestically-weak , right-wing governments   collapse  

 Lansing, Michigan was the last of the county 's townships to be surveyed , and the land not offered for sale until October 1830 .
 the county 's townships   to be surveyed  

 Lester Bangs first piece was a negative review of the MC5 album Kick Out The Jams , which Lester Bangs sent to Rolling Stone with a note requesting that if the magazine were to pass on publishing the review , that Lester Bangs receive a reason for their decision ; however , no reply was forthcoming as the magazine did indeed publish the review .
 the magazine   to pass  

 An alternative notation is CH3 -- CH2 -- OH , which indicates that the carbon of a methyl group ( CH3 -- ) is attached to the carbon of a methylene group ( -- CH2 -- ) , which is attached to the oxygen of a hydroxyl group ( -- OH ) .
 OH   indicates  

 As a result , for most Mushroom , if the cap is cut off and placed gill-side-down overnight , a powdery impression reflecting the shape of the gills ( or pores , or spines , etc. ) is formed ( when the fruit body is sporulating ) .
 the fruit body   is sporulating  

 Both of these must be replaced with other algebraic forms in order to be solved : an advanced notion of perimeter , which includes hypersurfaces bounding volumes in - dimensional Euclidean spaces can be found in the theory of Caccioppoli sets .
 hypersurfaces   bounding  

 The larvae are C -- shaped , have a very firm wrinkled hairy body , a very small head and tiny legs ; Cetonia aurata move on their backs , which is a very quick way to identify them .
 Cetonia   aurata move  

 Biographer Roger Lewis documents that of all of Sellers 's wives , Frederick was the most poorly treated ; Julian Upton likened it to a boxing match between a heavyweight and a featherweight , a relationship that `` oscillated from ardour to hatred , reconciliation and remorse '' .
 a relationship   oscillated  

 In the 17th century the population dropped sharply when the castle was destroyed .
 the castle   was destroyed  

 Telecommunications in Macau is owned by a local publishing company , Everbright Co. Ltd. , which is locally owned .
 a local publishing company   is locally owned  

 The geometry of the lute belly is relatively complex , involving a system of barring in which braces are placed perpendicular to the strings at specific lengths along the overall length of the belly , the ends of which are angled quite precisely to abut the ribs on either side for structural reasons .
 the ends of which   are angled quite precisely  

 The Garden Grove Freeway ( State Route 22 ) runs along near Santa Ana, California northern border , connecting Long Beach to the west and the City of Orange to the east .
 The Garden Grove Freeway   runs  

 He said that `` war criminals must pay for their crimes and individuals who had committed barbarous acts , and in accordance with the Moscow Document , which he himself had written , Tehran Conference must stand trial at the places where the crimes were committed '' .
 he   had written  

 The digits are large wooden characters attached to the dome-like ceiling .
 large wooden characters   attached  

 For example , 95 % of the energy used to make aluminium from bauxite ore is saved by using recycled material .
 95 % of the energy   is saved  

 Since Richard 's brother George , Duke of Clarence , had been executed and attainted , his descendants forfeited all rights to the throne , leaving Richard the true heir .
 Richard 's brother   attainted  

 It is further clarified that all domestic and organizational female employees are not concubines in this era and hence sex is forbidden with them unless Nikkah ( formal marriage ) or mut ` ah ( temporary marriage - which only Shiite Islam permits ) is committed through the proper channels .
 temporary marriage   is committed  

 At the time this accreditation was gained , all business programs at St. John Fisher College were brought together in 2003 to form St. John Fisher College first professional school , which was named the Bittner School of Business .
 all business programs at St. John Fisher College   to form  

 Unfortunately , when Bean carried the camera to the place near the lunar module where Apollo 12 was to be set up , he inadvertently pointed Apollo 12 directly into the Sun , destroying the SEC tube .
 Apollo 12   to be set up  

 Analog magnetic wire recording , and Tape recorder successor , magnetic tape recording , involve the use of a magnetizable medium which moves with a constant speed past a recording head .
 a magnetizable medium   moves  

 Deke Slayton wrote in his memoirs that Cooper and Eisele were never intended to rotate to Apollo 10 as both were out of favor with NASA management for various reasons ( Cooper for his lax attitude towards training and Eisele for incidents aboard Apollo 7 and an extra-marital affair ) and were assigned to the backup crew simply because of a lack of qualified manpower in the Astronaut Office at the time the assignment needed to be made .
 the assignment   to be made  

 While the most common pointing device by far is the mouse , many more devices have been developed .
 many more devices   have been developed  

 Those who live with someone who smokes have a 20 -- 30 % increase in risk while those who work in an environment with second hand smoke have a 16 -- 19 % increase in risk .
 Those   live  

 Many species of weevil that feed out in the open on leaves of plants react to attack by employing a `` drop-off reflex '' .
 Many species of weevil   feed out  

 Construction of the London Borough of Croydon Underpass beneath the junction of George Street and Wellesley Road/Park Lane during the early Sixties started , with the main aim to prevent traffic congestion on Park Lane , situated above the underpass .
 Construction of the London Borough of Croydon Underpass beneath the junction of George Street and Wellesley Road/Park Lane during the early Sixties   started  

 Although this appears a challenging problem given current resources , many tools will be available to help future researchers : Moore 's Law predicts further increases in computer power , semiconductor fabrication techniques continue to approach the nanoscale , and researchers grow ever more skilled at using proteins , ribosomes and DNA to perform novel chemistry .
 semiconductor fabrication techniques   continue  

 Things that do not have owners include : ideas ( except for intellectual property ) , seawater ( which is , however , protected by anti-pollution laws ) , parts of the seafloor ( see the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea for restrictions ) , gases in Earth 's atmosphere , animals in the wild ( although in most nations , animals are tied to Property .
 parts of the seafloor   see  

 Numerous barons were subjected to John 's malevolentia , even including William Marshal , a famous knight and baron normally held up as a model of utter loyalty .
 a famous knight and baron   normally held up  

 Though a proposed airframe known as the Common Support Aircraft was once advanced as a successor to the S-3 , E-2 and C-2 , this plan failed to materialize .
 this plan   to materialize  

 After having ruled his see for seven or , according to another account , for twenty years , he made Alexander his successor and retired to the desert , whence Cyril had summoned him and there died in the odor of sanctity .
 Alexander   retired  

 But what the mayor does n't know is that Dimsdale was a deputy under the famous lawman , Tom Destry and is able to call upon the equally formidable Tom Destry , Jr. ( James Stewart ) to help him make Bottleneck a lawful , respectable town .
 the mayor   does n't know  

 Indeed , in these countries , Jury trial is seen as a failing of some foreign legal system rather than an advantage ; this is despite the fact that both nations are common law countries .
 this   is  

 She was returned to the Yerkes National Primate Research Center in 1957 when she became too big to handle .
 she   to handle  

 Indie folk group DeVotchKa covered the ballad `` The Last Beat of My Heart '' on the suggestion of Arcade Fire singer Win Butler ; it was released on the Curse Your Little Heart EP .
 it   was released  

 Abdur Rahman Khan was allowed to import munitions of war .
 Abdur Rahman Khan   was allowed  

 This disruption of the muscle fibers triggers white blood cells to increase following the induced muscle soreness , leading to the inflammatory response observation from the induced muscle soreness .
 white blood cells   to increase  

 When tobacco is smoked , most of the nicotine is pyrolyzed .
 tobacco   is smoked  

 Some historians speculate that the Giants got word that their star pitcher was risking Christy Mathewson life and baseball career for the Stars and ordered Christy Mathewson to stop , while others feel that the Stars ' coach , Willis Richardson , got rid of Mathewson because Christy Mathewson felt that , since the fullback 's punting skills were hardly used , Christy Mathewson could replace Christy Mathewson with a local player , Shirley Ellis .
 Christy Mathewson   to stop  

 And those events which have happened , and those which are happening , compel you to assent to the utterances made by them ' '' .
 those   are happening  

 Commercially , since the lotteries were discredited , some of the debt intended to be consolidated under the scheme was available in the open market before the scheme was announced , at a discounted rate of # 55 / # 100 nominal value .
 the scheme   was announced  

 He and Lois would have several on and off experiences together before the relationship completely disintegrated , due to Delgado accepting help from a Lexcorp subsidiary ARL and Lois ' attraction to Superman with whom Delgado felt he had to compete .
 the relationship   disintegrated  

 Hideo Hosono , of the Tokyo Institute of Technology , and colleagues found lanthanum oxygen fluorine iron arsenide ( LaO1-xFxFeAs ) , an oxypnictide that superconducts below 26 K. Replacing the lanthanum in LaO1 − xFxFeAs with samarium leads to superconductors that work at 55 K. Superconductivity magnets are some of the most powerful electromagnets known .
 an oxypnictide   superconducts  

 The theological views of Arius , that taught the subordination of the Son to the Father , continued to be a problem .
 The theological views of Arius   continued  

 In the 16th century , Bartolomé de las Casas wrote that without chili peppers the indigenous did not think Mexican cuisine were eating .
 Mexican cuisine   were eating  

 The Stadium District , was redeveloped using a grant from the Cool Cities Initiative .
 The Stadium District   was redeveloped  

 For this to occur , energy is required , as in Semiconductor the next higher states lie above the band gap .
 energy   is required  

 Ten years after Serge drowned , the thief Kid -- presumably on Belthasar 's orders -- went back in time to save Serge and split the dimensions .
 Serge   drowned  

 Scholars state `` many couples are locked into the idea that Orgasm should be achieved only through intercourse vaginal sex '' and that `` even the word foreplay suggests that any other form of sexual stimulation is merely preparation for the ` main event ' .
 many couples   are locked  

 In poker , the strength of a hand ( how likely Value (poker) is to be the best according to the rules of the game being played ) is often called Value (poker) value ; however , in the context of poker strategy the term is more often used to describe a betting tactic , a bet for value .
 the rules of the game   being played  

 Together with Diomedes , Odysseus went to fetch Achilles ' son , Pyrrhus , to come to the aid of the Achaeans , because an oracle had stated that Troy could not be taken without him .
 Troy   could not be taken  

 The first and third lines of the last stanza are the second and fourth of the ; the first line of the poem is the last line of the final stanza , and the third line of the first stanza is the second of the final .
 The first and third lines of the last stanza   are  

 About 7 % are apparently extinct , 9 % endangered , 17 % vulnerable , and 7 % rare .
 About 7 %   endangered  

 The city is also today recognised for Newcastle upon Tyne commitment to environmental issues , with a programme planned for Newcastle to become `` the first Carbon Neutral town '' .
 a programme   planned  

 Although with the Lebesgue integral , it is not necessary to take such a limit , Laplace transform does appear more naturally in connection with the Laplace -- Stieltjes transform .
 Stieltjes   transform  

 This type of vessel came to be known as the battlecruiser , and the first were commissioned into the Royal Navy in 1907 .
 This type of vessel   came  

 Moses ( , Modern Tiberian ISO 259-3 ; ) was , according to the Hebrew Bible , the Qur ` an , and Baha'i scripture , a religious leader , lawgiver , and prophet , to whom the authorship of the Torah is traditionally attributed .
 Moses   was  

 The 20S particle is assembled from two half-proteasomes , each of which consists of a seven-membered pro-β ring attached to a seven-membered α ring .
 a seven-membered pro-β ring   attached  

 For example , `` you will lose '' is with the independent form ( `` will lose '' ) , while `` you will not lose '' is with the dependent form ( which has undergone eclipsis to after ) .
 you   will not lose  

 Certain synthetic color-change `` sapphires '' are sold as `` lab '' or `` synthetic '' alexandrite , which more accurately is called an alexandrite simulant ( also called alexandrium ) since the latter is a type of chrysoberyl -- an entirely different substance whose pleochroism is different and much more pronounced than color-change corundum ( sapphire ) .
 an entirely different substance   much more pronounced  

 To administer the draft , a Bureau of Conscription was set up to use state officers , as state Governors would allow .
 state Governors   would allow  

 The Associated Press said premium gas -- which is a higher octane and costs several cents a gallon more than regular unleaded -- should be used only if the manufacturer says Gasoline is `` required '' .
 premium gas -- which is a higher octane and costs several cents a gallon more than regular unleaded --   should be used  

 ( B 7.1-8 .2 ) After the exposition of the arche - ἀρχή , i.e. the origin , the necessary part of reality that is understood through reason or logos ( that it Is ) , in the next section , the Way of Appearance/Opinion/Seeming , Parmenides proceeds to explain the structure of the becoming cosmos ( which is an illusion , of course ) that comes from this origin .
 the necessary part of reality   is understood  

 Chico once appeared on I 've Got a Secret dressed up as Harpo ; his secret was shown in a caption reading `` I 'm actually Chico Marx '' .
 a caption   reading  

 Trace-element analysis , mostly by neutron activation , allows the sources of clay to be accurately identified and the thermoluminescence test can be used to provide an estimate of the date of last firing .
 the sources of clay   to be accurately identified  

 On April 27 , 2007 , Voight spoke about criticism of George W. Bush in an interview with Bill O'Reilly on The O'Reilly Factor : `` And they -- what Jon Voight hear , you know , talking about our president .
 you   know  

 The most widely accepted definition is : `` a semi-enclosed coastal body of Estuary is measurably diluted with freshwater derived from land drainage '' .
 a semi-enclosed coastal body of Estuary   is measurably diluted  

 Because that does n't seem to David Attenborough to coincide with a God who 's full of mercy ' .
 that   to coincide  

 Some also believed that politicians involved with the Stasi should be investigated .
 politicians involved with the Stasi   should be investigated  

 Another solution is to blend in non-machinima elements , as nGame did by inserting painted characters with more expressive faces into Machinima 1999 film Berlin Assassins .
 nGame   did  

 Tong 's brother and main political opponent , Harry Tong , responded by accusing Taiwan of having too much influence on Kiribati , and notably of influencing the country 's clergy .
 Tong 's brother and main political opponent   responded  

 The argument that a fetus is not alive is a resort to a convenient fiction that turns an evidently living being into one that legally is not alive .
 a convenient fiction   turns  

 In 1952 , when the idea of Flag of Europe was being discussed , Lévy backed the flag of the Pan European Movement .
 the idea of Flag of Europe   was being discussed  

 Peter Altenberg favorite coffeehouse was the Cafe Central , to which Peter Altenberg even had Peter Altenberg mail delivered .
 Peter Altenberg mail   delivered  

 Hrungnir asks `` what sort of person this was '' wearing a golden helmet , `` riding sky and sea , '' and says that the stranger `` has Sleipnir '' .
 this   was  

 In The Life of Mammals , David Attenborough made a plea for humans to curb population growth so that other species will not be crowded out .
 other species   will not be crowded out  

 Additionally , the high methane levels in the air , caused by green house gases , are lowered drastically .
 the high methane levels in the air , caused by green house gases   are lowered drastically  

 The tune was thought to have become the de facto national anthem after King George VI remained at attention during O Canada playing at the dedication of the National War Memorial in Ottawa , Ontario , on May 21 , 1939 ; though George was actually following a precedent set by his brother , Edward , the previous king of Canada , when he dedicated the Canadian National Vimy Memorial in France in 1936 .
 The tune   was thought  

 But a few species which distribute in hot summer and mild winter area ( Lilium candidum , Lilium catesbaei , Lilium longiflorum ) lose leaves and remain relatively short dormant in Summer or Autumn , sprout from Autumn to winter , forming dwarf stem bearing a basal rosette of leaves until accept enough chilling requirement , the stem begins to elongate while warming .
 the stem   begins  

 The magazine wrote that the more than 100,000 others employed with Manhattan Project `` worked like moles in the dark '' .
 the more than 100,000 others employed with Manhattan Project   worked  

 This book , like those that preceded and followed , was concerned with the reform of the Church , in which the temporal arm was to have an influential part .
 those   preceded  

 I. unguicularis is a late-winter-flowering species from Algeria , with sky-blue flowers blotched with yellow , produced from Winter to Spring .
 sky-blue flowers   blotched  

 While the Oilers found instant success in the AFL , other teams did not fare as well .
 other teams   did not fare as well  

 With decreasing stellar mass , the proportion of the star forming a convective envelope steadily increases , while main-sequence stars below 0.4 solar masses undergo convection throughout their mass .
 the proportion of the star   steadily increases  

 Avalanche and avalanche paths share common elements : a start zone where Avalanche originates , a track along which Avalanche flows , and a runout zone where Avalanche comes to rest .
 Avalanche   comes  

 John , alongside John II Komnenos wife who shared in John II Komnenos religious and charitable works , is known to have undertaken church building on a considerable scale , including construction of the Monastery of Christ Pantokrator ( Zeyrek Mosque ) in Constantinople .
 John , alongside John II Komnenos wife   is known  

 As a foundation for category theory , this approach is well matched to a system like Tarski -- Grothendieck set theory in which one can not reason directly about proper classes ; Category of sets principal disadvantage is that a theorem can be true of all SetU but not of Set .
 this approach   is well matched  

 Music historians Schinder and Schwartz , writing of the transformation in popular music styles that took place between the 1950s and the 1960s , say that the Beatles ' influence can not be overstated : having `` revolutionised the sound , style , and attitude of popular music and opened rock and roll 's doors to a tidal wave of British rock acts '' , the group then `` spent the rest of the 1960s expanding rock 's stylistic frontiers '' .
 the Beatles ' influence   can not be overstated  

 The one exception is a sawed-off shotgun , especially a Lupara , as Shotgun is more easily concealed than a normal shotgun .
 Shotgun   more easily concealed  

 Some words usually abbreviated in other manuscripts ( such as πατηρ and δαυειδ ) , are in this codex both written in full and abbreviated forms .
 both   written  

 Soon many of the best players from the Northern American Negro Leagues were playing on integrated teams in Cuba .
 Soon many of the best players from the Northern American Negro Leagues   were playing  

 A nasty campaign ensued , in which Diefenbaker was called a `` Hun '' because of John Diefenbaker German-derived surname .
 A nasty campaign   ensued  

 The large number of flea species may be attributed to the wide variety of host species Flea feed on , which provides so many specific ecological niches to adapt to .
 Flea   feed on  

 One of the major causes that lead competitions thrive in areas that did not have a history of monopoly was the light handed approach taken towards the interconnection issue by the regulatory body initially .
 the light   handed  

 These ` light armored cruisers ' began to occupy the traditional cruiser role once it became clear that the battlecruiser squadrons were required to operate with the battle fleet .
 the battlecruiser squadrons   to operate  

 Because all Saxophone use the same key arrangement and fingering to produce a given notated pitch , it is not difficult for a competent player to switch among the various sizes when the music has been suitably transposed , and many do so .
 the music   has been suitably transposed  

 PGNAA is generally performed by using a neutron stream tapped off the nuclear reactor via a beam port .
 PGNAA   is generally performed  

 Up to 90 % of adults with depression are found to have sleep difficulties .
 Up to 90 % of adults with depression   are found  

 The utility of CT scanning is made clear , however , by the impact Appendicitis has had on negative appendectomy rates .
 The utility of CT   scanning  

 In another myth , when his mother , Semele , is killed , the care of young Dionysus falls into the hands of her sisters , Ino , Agave , and Autonoe , who later are depicted as participating in the rites and taking a leadership role among the other maenads .
 his mother   is killed  

 The contents of the book dealing with the Church are closely connected with the decision respecting the 18 theses .
 The contents of the book   are closely connected  

 Naturism Naturism is a cultural and political movement practising , advocating and defending social nudity in private and in public .
 Naturism Naturism   advocating  

 The percentage improvement in speed can be calculated as John L. Gustafson pointed out in 1988 what is now known as Gustafson 's Law : people typically are not interested in solving a fixed problem in the shortest possible period of time , as Amdahl 's Law describes , but rather in solving the largest possible problem ( e.g. , the most accurate possible approximation ) in a fixed `` reasonable '' amount of time .
 Amdahl 's Law   describes  

 Jethro suggested that Moses appoint judges for lesser matters , a suggestion Moses heeded .
 Moses   heeded  

 However , in `` Language , Truth and Logic '' A. J. Ayer distinguishes A. J. Ayer from both agnostics and atheists by saying that both these stances take the statement `` God exists '' as a meaningful hypothesis , which Ayer A. J. Ayer does not .
 God   exists  

 In this post , Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky invited many international celebrities to conduct , including Johannes Brahms , Antonín Dvořák and Jules Massenet , although not all of them accepted .
 many international celebrities   to conduct  

 Pythagoras name led Pythagoras to be associated with Pythian Apollo ; Aristippus explained Pythagoras name by saying , `` He spoke ( agor - ) the truth no less than did the Pythian ( Pyth - ) , '' and Iamblichus tells the story that the Pythia prophesied that Pythagoras pregnant mother would give birth to a man supremely beautiful , wise , and beneficial to humankind .
 He   spoke  

 With the increase in access to personal computers in the 1980s , Spaced repetition began to be implemented with computer-assisted language learning software-based solutions .
 Spaced repetition   began  

 Flat-leaved parsley is preferred by some as it is easier to cultivate , being more tolerant of both rain and sunshine , and has a stronger flavor ( though this is disputed ) , while curly leaf parsley is preferred by others because of Parsley more decorative appearance in garnishing .
 this   is disputed  

 In the United States during World War II , President Franklin D. Roosevelt recognized that the direct style of propaganda would not win over the American public .
 the direct style of propaganda   would not win  

 Although the FBI asked Jesselyn Radack , a Justice Department ethics advisor , whether Lindh could be questioned without a lawyer present , they did not follow her advice to avoid that scenario .
 Lindh   could be questioned  

 Supranational organizations provide mechanisms whereby disputes between states may be resolved through arbitration or mediation .
 disputes between states   may be resolved  

 On January 11 , 2013 , a federal judge ruled in their favor , saying that the government had shown no compelling interest in restricting the religious speech of the inmates by prohibiting them from praying together .
 them   from praying together  

 Some men have only the tip of Penectomy penis removed .
 only the tip of Penectomy penis   removed  

 One month before Milton Friedman death , Milton Friedman wrote the article `` Hong Kong Wrong -- What would Cowperthwaite say ?
 the article   would Cowperthwaite say  

 As the war began , a German radical named Ferdinand Cohen-Blind attempted to assassinate Bismarck in Berlin , shooting Otto von Bismarck five times at close range .
 the war   began  

 Mariner 4 took more than a day of `` star-hopping '' to find Canopus , as the sensor locked on to other stars instead : a stray light pattern from the near Earth , Alderamin , Regulus , Naos , and Gamma Velorum were acquired before Canopus .
 the sensor   locked on  

 For deletion , this at most adds an additional `` peek '' cost , which is typically cheaper than the deletion cost , so overall time complexity is not significantly impacted .
 so overall time complexity   is not significantly impacted  

 The survivor , who had been beaten , punctured a bruise on Steve Reich own body to convince police about Steve Reich beating .
 The survivor   had been beaten  

 Included amongst the ethnic names of the repulsed invaders is the Ekwesh or Eqwesh , whom some have seen as Achaeans (Homer) , although Egyptian texts specifically mention these Ekwesh to be circumcised ( which does not seem to have been a general practice in the Aegaean at the time ) .
 these Ekwesh   to be circumcised  

 His eighth marriage to Contessa Erica Alexandra Del Portenza ( aka the `` Contessa '' ) is based on mutual greed ; the Contessa buys controlling interest in LexCorp after Lex Luthor is indicted , compelling him to marry her in order to regain control of his company .
 Lex Luthor   is indicted  

 Intel offered to replace processors to users who could prove that they were affected .
 they   were affected  

 The primary hunting method was for the hunter to approach in a dugout canoe , offering bait to attract Manatee close enough to temporarily stun Manatee with a blow near the head from an oar-like pole .
 the hunter   to approach  

 Studying the coronal variability in Corona complexity is not easy because the times of evolution of the different structures can vary considerably : from seconds to several months .
 the times of evolution of the different structures   can vary considerably  

 Despite the protests of Northumberland , the `` Short Parliament '' ( as it came to be known ) was dissolved in May 1640 , less than a month after it assembled .
 it   came  

 Total fleet : 27,051 ( as of 2011 ) All taxis are fitted with meters ; all are air conditioned ; the majority of the taxis are 5-seaters ; about 90 % of taxis have radiophones ; call booking is done via GPS or digital voice dispatch .
 All taxis   are fitted  

 A force field can be re-obtained by taking the negative of the vector gradient of the potential field .
 A force field   can be re-obtained  

 That night , Al is driving while Haskell sleeps , when a rainstorm forces Al to pull over to put up the top .
 Haskell   sleeps  

 Sequence is usually defined as a function whose domain is a countable totally ordered set , although in many disciplines the domain is restricted , such as to the natural numbers .
 a countable   set  

 On the manuscript Elgar wrote , quoting John Ruskin , `` This is the best of Edward Elgar ; for the rest , Edward Elgar ate , and drank , and slept , loved and hated , like another .
 Edward Elgar   drank  

 The items of the `` long bill '' appear to have been derived from John Wycliffe work .
 The items of the `` long bill   appear  

 In 1944 , the Nyasaland African Congress ( NAC ) , inspired by the African National Congress South Africa Peace Charter of 1914 , emerged .
 In 1944 , the Nyasaland African Congress ( NAC ) , inspired by the African National Congress South Africa Peace Charter of 1914   emerged  

 The legend that the high-living patrician painter Guido Reni , whose personal dash was at least as great as Pope Innocent X brilliant drawing and brushwork , had been insulted by rumours circulated , Pope Innocent X thought , by Cardinal Pamphilj , serves to place on the painter 's shoulders the vengeful act that could not have been overlooked -- or discouraged -- by Pope Innocent X Barberini patron .
 rumours   circulated  

 Coen brothers were due to start production in 2002 , with Jeremy Thomas producing and Brad Pitt in the lead role , but it was canceled when the Coens felt that the budget offered was not enough to successfully produce the film .
 Jeremy Thomas   producing  

 The conversion factor used is 1 u = MeV/c2 .
 The conversion factor   used  

 As stated above , defects in two genes are thought to be responsible for ADPKD .
 defects in two genes   are thought  

 Ceres (mythology) ' known mythology is indistinguishable from Demeter 's : `` When Ceres (mythology) sought through all the earth with lit torches for Proserpina , who had been seized by Dis Pater , she called her with shouts where three or four roads meet ; from this it has endured in her rites that on certain days a lamentation is raised at the crossroads everywhere by the matronae '' .
 Ceres   sought  

 At the confluence of the Ohio and the Middle Mississippi , the Ohio is the bigger river , with Mississippi River long-term mean discharge at Cairo , Illinois being , while the long-term mean discharge of the Mississippi at Thebes , Illinois ( just upriver from Cairo ) is .
 Illinois ( just upriver from Cairo   is  

 Yet `` Coyote '' , backed with `` Blue Motel Room '' , failed to chart on the Hot 100 .
 Coyote   backed  

 In August 1967 , the agency announced that the lunar mapping and base construction missions examined by the AAP were being canceled .
 the lunar mapping and base construction missions examined by the AAP   were being canceled  

 Towns in the provinces who possessed the Jus Italicum ( enjoying the `` privileges of Italy '' ) were exempted from Tax per head .
 the Jus Italicum   enjoying  

 Despite having massed forces along the border , Charles ' military attentions were distracted by the problems in Gascony and Charles IV of France eventually chose to settle the rebellion peacefully through the Peace of Arques in 1326 , in which Louis was only indirectly involved .
 Louis   only indirectly involved  

 As Rable concludes , `` For Stephens , the essence of patriotism , the heart of the Confederate cause , rested on an unyielding commitment to traditional rights '' without considerations of military necessity , pragmatism or compromise .
 Rable   concludes  

 A version by the librettist Maurice Bouchor ( 1855 -- 1929 ) entitled Hymn to the Universal Humanity ( : sHymne à l'universelle humanité ) adding several verses to a preceding version of Jean Ruault , was published .
 sHymne à l'universelle humanité   was published  

 Cuba makes Zhuk patrol craft and some are seen with an SPG-9 mounted on front of the twin 30mm guns .
 some   are seen  

 Francis Basset , a backbench Whig MP , wrote to Burke : '' ... though for reasons which Edmund Burke will not now detail Edmund Burke did not then deliver Edmund Burke sentiments , Edmund Burke most perfectly differ from Mr Fox & from the great Body of opposition on the French Revolution '' .
 Edmund Burke   most perfectly differ  

 While the Navy was testing the first two prototypes , they suggested that the third be fitted with the 700 kW ( 940 hp ) Nakajima Sakae 12 engine instead .
 the third   be fitted  

 Epitaph is a short text honoring a deceased person , strictly speaking that is inscribed on their tombstone or plaque , but also used figuratively .
 that   is inscribed  

 Later Judah ha-Nasi prevented Judah ha-Nasi maid from violently expelling baby weasels from Judah ha-Nasi house , on the basis that `` It is written : ` Judah ha-Nasi Mercy is upon all Judah ha-Nasi works ' '' .
 It   is written  

 In the Local Supercluster it is possible to see star clusters , and current telescopes could in principle observe faint individual stars in the Local Cluster -- the most distant stars resolved have up to hundred million light years away ( see Cepheids ) .
 the most distant stars   resolved  

 If the law of closure did not exist , the image would depict an assortment of different lines with different lengths , rotations , and curvatures -- but with the law of closure , we perceptually combine the lines into whole shapes .
 the law of closure   did not exist  

 While in the early days these calculations were extremely expensive to perform , the advent of high speed microprocessors has made them much more feasible today .
 these calculations   to perform  

 This sea deposited layers of sediments many kilometres thick into the Variscan geosyncline , which were heavily folded in the orogeny that followed .
 the orogeny   followed  

 Dollfuss staged a parliamentary session with just Engelbert Dollfuss party members present in April 1934 to have Engelbert Dollfuss new constitution approved , effectively the second constitution in the world espousing corporatist ideas ( after that of the Portuguese Estado Novo ) .
 new constitution   approved  

 While the estimated HIV prevalence rate in Somalia in 1987 ( the first case report year ) was 1 % of adults , a more recent estimate from 2009 now places Somalia at only 0.7 % of the nation 's adult population .
 the estimated HIV prevalence rate in Somalia in 1987   was  

 Digital subscriptions rates for four weeks range from $ 15 to $ 35 depending on the package selected , with periodic new subscriber promotions offering four-week all-digital access for as low as 99 cents .
 the package   selected  

 But if the final card happens to be a club , Burt 's straight will lose to Angie 's flush .
 the final card   happens  

 The Angel , Islington was formerly a coaching inn , the first on the route northwards out of London , where Thomas Paine is believed to have written much of The Rights of Man .
 Thomas Paine   is believed  

 The only countries known to have detonated nuclear weapons -- and that acknowledge possessing such weapons -- are ( chronologically by date of first test ) the United States , the Soviet Union ( succeeded as Nuclear weapon by Russia ) , the United Kingdom , France , the People 's Republic of China , India , Pakistan , and North Korea .
 The only countries   known  

 Bombyx mori is kept in incubators ( a machine in which a temperature can fixed for giving any organism heat like silkworms , new born babies , etc. are kept ) so that the egg hatches .
 the egg   hatches  

 The way glacial processes interact with other landscape elements , particularly hillslope and fluvial processes , is an important aspect of Plio-Pleistocene landscape evolution and Geomorphology sedimentary record in many high mountain environments .
 other landscape elements   particularly hillslope  

 Tolkien also cited H. Rider Haggard 's novel She in a telephone interview : `` J. R. R. Tolkien suppose as a boy She interested J. R. R. Tolkien as much as anything -- like the Greek shard of Amyntas Amenartas , which was the kind of machine by which everything got moving '' .
 everything   moving  

 The inherent contradiction between the two results in their belief that such contradictions are only `` apparent '' , due to man 's inherent lack of ability to understand greater truths and due to the fact that Creator and Created exist in different realities .
 Creator   Created  

 Henri Lebesgue is said to be the last professional mathematician to call 1 prime .
 Henri Lebesgue   is said  

 Pushkar Ganesh Vaidya from the Indian Astrobiology Research Centre reported in his 2009 paper that `` the three microorganisms captured during the balloon experiment do not exhibit any distinct adaptations expected to be seen in microorganisms occupying a cometary niche '' .
 any distinct adaptations   expected  

 Pressure is the pressure a fluid exerts when it is forced to stop moving .
 it   moving  

 Red-eared sliders kept captive indoors should not brumate .
 captive indoors   should not brumate  

 Silicon is machined using various etching processes .
 Silicon   is machined  

 In the past , many rural pubs provided opportunities for country folk to meet and exchange ( often local ) news , while others -- especially those away from village centres -- existed for the general purpose , before the advent of motor transport , of serving travellers as coaching inns .
 country folk   to meet  

 Marija Gimbutas is the differences between the Old European system , which she considered goddess - and woman-centered ( gynocentric ) , and the Bronze Age Indo-European patriarchal ( `` androcratic '' ) culture which supplanted it .
 she   considered  

 Constructing a skyscraper becomes justified if the price of land is so high that Skyscraper makes economic sense to build upwards as to minimize the cost of the land per the total floor area of a building .
 Skyscraper   makes economic sense to build upwards  

 South Sea Company trans-shipped 1,230 slaves from Jamaica to America in the first year , plus any which might have been added ( against standing instructions ) by the ship 's captains on their own behalf .
 any   might have been added  

 Albuquerque piloted Afonso de Albuquerque ship Afonso de Albuquerque , having lost Afonso de Albuquerque appointed pilot on departure .
 Afonso de Albuquerque ship Afonso de Albuquerque   having lost  

 Admission to the High School University , Math/Science/Technology and Communications/Media Arts magnets are decided by a committee of Manual teachers based on academic performance as measured by prior school grades and the Commonwealth Accountability Testing System , although extracurricular involvement is also considered .
 extracurricular involvement   is also considered  

 As time passed , Tchaikovsky may have realized that marriage itself , not simply Antonina , may have been wrong for Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky .
 time   passed  

 Writers in particular seem to be known for smoking , for example , Cornell Professor Richard Klein 's book Cigarettes are Sublime for the analysis , by this professor of French literature , of the role smoking plays in 19th and 20th century letters .
 Writers in particular   seem  

 The retro uniforms have since been heavily favored by many Brewers fans and many continue to campaign to have Milwaukee Brewers be once again the regular Brewers uniforms .
 many   continue  

 On the west side of the island , Waimea town is located at the mouth of the Waimea River , whose flow formed Waimea Canyon , one of the world 's most scenic canyons , and which is part of Waimea Canyon State Park .
 the mouth of the Waimea River   formed  

 From 1375 the iconography sees trumpets being made with bends , and some in 'S ' shapes .
 trumpets   being made  

 David Attenborough is neither an obsessive twitcher , nor a bird expert , he decided .
 he   decided  

 While most extrasolar planetary systems discovered have not been found to have planets in mean-motion resonances , some remarkable examples have been uncovered : Cases of extrasolar planets close to a 1:2 mean-motion resonance are fairly common .
 most extrasolar planetary systems   discovered  

 Similarly , lines associated with Triangle are often constructed by proving that three symmetrically constructed points are : here Menelaus ' theorem gives a useful general criterion .
 three symmetrically constructed points   are  

 When single-chip CPUs appeared , beginning with the Intel 4004 in 1971 , the term `` minicomputer '' came to mean a machine that lies in the middle range of the computing spectrum , in between the smallest mainframe computers and the microcomputers .
 single-chip CPUs   appeared  

 The benefits provided include disability compensation , pension , education , home loans , life insurance , vocational , rehabilitation , survivors ' benefits , medical benefits , and burial benefits .
 The benefits   provided  

 This myth likely began with Pliny the Elder ( AD 23 -- 79 ) , who wrote that Ostrich `` imagine , when they have thrust their head and neck into a bush , that the whole of their body is concealed '' .
 the whole of their body   is concealed  

 The metro and local buses are operated by Transports publics de la région lausannoise ( TL ) , with many routes run using trolleybuses .
 with many routes   run  

 By constructing a plasmid that contains an antibiotic resistance gene as well as the gene being engineered or expressed , a researcher can ensure that when bacteria replicate , only the copies that carry the plasmid survive .
 bacteria   replicate  

 Cotton Mather goes on to say that Calef 's collection of writings `` gave a shock to Mather 's influence , from which it never recovered '' .
 Cotton Mather   goes on  

 Because Justus was probably not a monk ( Justus was not called that by Bede ) , Justus cathedral clergy was very likely non-monastic too .
 Justus   was not called  

 At the same time as the Servian text was produced , however , other and lesser scholars also created their editions of Satires (Juvenal) : it is these on which most medieval manuscripts of Satires (Juvenal) are based .
 most medieval manuscripts of Satires   are based  

 Historical factors and socio-political conditions , however , have determined the extent to which universal social literacy has come to pass '' In 1871 only about half of French Canadian men in Canada self-reported that they were Literacy , whereas 90 percent of other Canadian men said they could read and write ( Greer , cited in Green , MacKinnon & Minns , 2005 ) , but information from the Canadian Families Project sample of the 1901 Census of Canada indicated that literacy rates for French Canadians and other Canadians increased , as measured by the ability of men between the ages of 16 and 65 to answer literacy questions .
 literacy rates for French Canadians and other Canadians   increased  

 The Chronicle of the Kings of Alba says of Áed : `` Edus Áed held the same i.e. the kingdom for one year .
 The Chronicle of the Kings of Alba   says  

 Some historians speculate that the Giants got word that their star pitcher was risking Christy Mathewson life and baseball career for the Stars and ordered Christy Mathewson to stop , while others feel that the Stars ' coach , Willis Richardson , got rid of Mathewson because Christy Mathewson felt that , since the fullback 's punting skills were hardly used , Christy Mathewson could replace Christy Mathewson with a local player , Shirley Ellis .
 the fullback 's punting skills   were hardly used  

 Because charge must be conserved , one of the products of Muon decay is always an electron of the same charge as Muon ( a positron if it is a positive muon ) .
 charge   must be conserved  

 On the other hand , a point mapped to above the x-axis is an interior point .
 a point   mapped  

 The uncertainty about what would happen after Henry 's death continued to grow ; Richard was keen to join a new crusade and remained concerned that whilst John, King of England was away Henry would appoint John John, King of England formal successor .
 The uncertainty about what would happen after Henry 's death   to grow  

 The three basic environmental principles that the Basic Environmental Law follows are `` the blessings of Environmental law should be enjoyed by the present generation and succeeded to the future generations , a sustainable society should be created where environmental loads by human activities are minimized , and Japan should contribute actively to global environmental conservation through international cooperation '' .
 The three basic environmental principles   follows  

 Other movies influenced by or making use of Uncle Tom 's Cabin include Dimples ( a 1936 Shirley Temple film ) , Uncle Tom 's Uncle , ( a 1926 Our Gang episode ) , Uncle Tom's Cabin 1932 remake Spanky , the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical The King and I ( in which a ballet called `` Small House of Uncle Thomas '' is performed in traditional Siamese style ) , and Gangs of New York ( in which Leonardo DiCaprio and Daniel Day-Lewis 's characters attend an imagined wartime adaptation of Uncle Tom 's Cabin ) .
 a ballet called `` Small House of Uncle Thomas ''   is performed  

 Each character makes a `` pose '' -- that is , writes a description of speech actions , etc. which the character performs .
 Each character   makes  

 This is thought to be due to increased seizures and decreased production of the precursor chemicals used to manufacture MDMA .
 This   is thought  

 When oil sands are included , Canada has the world 's second largest oil reserves after Saudi Arabia .
 oil sands   are included  

 To Kill a Mockingbird is part of a central , civic education -- what Monroeville aspires to be .
 Monroeville   to be  

 Each new version of OpenGL tends to incorporate a number of extensions which have widespread support among graphics-card vendors , although the details of those extensions may be changed .
 the details of those extensions   may be changed  

 Although the nature of the supply differs between the races -- Terrans use physical supplies held in depots , Protoss use a psionic power nexus and Zerg are regulated by the number of controlling overlord units present -- the supply mechanic works in exactly the same way for each race ( with different side effects for each race ) , allowing players to create new units when there are sufficient resources to sustain them .
 the nature of the supply   differs  

 The equilibrium between electromagnetic forces and Pauli repulsion of electrons ( they are fermions obeying Fermi statistics ) is slightly violated resulting in a small returning force .
 The equilibrium between electromagnetic forces and Pauli repulsion of electrons ( they are fermions   is slightly violated  

 Ramtane Lamamra , the African Union 's peace and security commissioner , said the African Union has discussed sending a military force to reunify Mali and that negotiations with terrorists had been ruled out but negotiations with other armed factions is still open .
 negotiations with terrorists   had been ruled out  

 This is in contrast to the IIHF rule , in which players who fight are ejected from the game .
 players   fight  

 Isambard Kingdom Brunel , the British engineer and railway builder , introduced the idea of a circular bar into the Swindon station pub in order that customers were served quickly and did not delay his trains .
 customers   were served quickly  

 Under the proposal , Leap second would be technically replaced by leap hours as an attempt to satisfy the legal requirements of several ITU-R member nations that civil time be astronomically tied to the Sun .
 civil time   be astronomically tied  

 Although individuals in various civilian , military and police vessels reached the crash site and searched for survivors within minutes of the initial water impact , no survivors were found , making TWA Flight 800 the second deadliest aircraft accident in the United States at that time .
 no survivors   were found  

 Ealdred was one of a few native Englishmen who William appears to have trusted , and Ealdred (bishop) death led to fewer attempts to integrate Englishmen into the administration , although such efforts did not entirely stop .
 such efforts   did not entirely stop  

 There is a constant effort towards an increase in population which tends to subject the lower classes of society to distress and to prevent any great permanent amelioration of their condition ... The way in which these effects are produced seems to be this .
 these effects   are produced  

 The salts that result are called alkoxides , with the general formula RO - M + .
 The salts   result  

 As the starship neared Solar sail destination , the outer portion of the sail would detach .
 the outer portion of the sail   would detach  

 Analyzing both the narrative structure of King 's fiction and King 's non-fiction ruminations on the art and craft of writing , Carroll writes that for Stephen King , `` the horror story is always a contest between the normal and the abnormal such that the normal is reinstated and , therefore , affirmed '' .
 the normal   is reinstated  

 And there is also a study suggesting that people with some types of Color blindness can distinguish colors that people with normal color vision are not able to distinguish .
 people with normal color vision   to distinguish  

 Where possible , local enemies of the party being attacked were invited by the British to accompany them as allies .
 the party   being attacked  

 This is because Ligand and central metal are bonded to one another , and Ligand is providing both electrons to the bond instead of Ligand and ligand each providing one electron .
 Ligand and central metal   are bonded  

 As is traditional with Celerons , Celeron does not have Intel VT-x instruction support or SpeedStep ( although Enhanced Halt State is enabled , allowing the Celerons to lower the multiplier to 6 × and decrease core voltage while idle ) .
 Enhanced Halt State   is enabled  

 However , crystallizing Antibody is often laborious and time consuming .
 time   consuming  

 Orhan then told Orhan I , `` Since , Orhan I brother , thou will not take the flocks and the herds that Orhan I offer thee , be thou the shepherd of Orhan I people ; be Orhan I Vizier '' .
 I   brother  

 In this way , the two observers simultaneously have different accounts of the situation : To Schrödinger's cat , the wavefunction of the apparatus has appeared to `` collapse '' ; to the experimenter , the contents of the box appear to be in superposition .
 the contents of the box   appear  

 Several sub-classifications of Paraphilia have been proposed , and some argue that a fully dimensional , spectrum or complaint-oriented approach would better reflect the evidence .
 Several sub-classifications of Paraphilia   have been proposed  

 John Cleese and Chapman 's sketches often involved authority figures , some of which were performed by John Cleese , while Jones and Palin were both infatuated with filmed scenes that open with idyllic countryside panoramas .
 filmed scenes   open  

 Pedro Martínez also set a record in the lesser known sabermetric statistic of Weighted Runs allowed per 9 innings pitched ( Wtd .
 9 innings   pitched  

 When Chalk 's International Airlines existed , Broward County, Florida headquarters was on the grounds of the airport in an unincorporated area .
 Chalk 's International Airlines   existed  

 Parabola fits any of several superficially different mathematical descriptions which can all be proved to define curves of exactly the same shape .
 Parabola   fits  

 Confederate States of America had expended and extracted a profusion of blood and treasure until collapse ; `` the end had come '' .
 Confederate States of America   had expended  

 Although the facilities at the range are managed by the 99th Air Base Wing at Nellis Air Force Base , the Groom facility appears to be run as an adjunct of the Air Force Materiel Command Air Force Flight Test Center ( AFFTC ) at Edwards Air Force Base in the Mojave Desert , around southwest of Groom , and as such the base is known as Air Force Flight Test Center ( Detachment 3 ) .
 the Groom facility   appears  

 In a 2004 Rolling Stone cover story , Thurman and director Quentin Tarantino denied having had a romantic relationship , despite Tarantino once having told a reporter , `` Uma Thurman 'm not saying that we have n't , and Uma Thurman 'm not saying that we have '' .
 we   have n't  

 However , when James II 's son James was born , Louis XIV of France took precedence in the succession over Louis XIV of France elder sisters .
 James II 's son   was born  

 Succeeding rulers in Vietnam then continued to use this Emperor title until 1806 when this title was stopped being used for a century .
 this title   was stopped  

 Fire extinguishers based on water accelerate sodium fires ; those based on carbon dioxide and bromochlorodifluoromethane lose their effectiveness when Sodium dissipate .
 Sodium   dissipate  

 For example , a camera that makes a 2048 × 1536 pixel image typically uses a few extra rows and columns of sensor elements and is commonly said to have `` 3.2 megapixels '' or `` 3.4 megapixels '' , depending on whether the number reported is the `` effective '' or the `` total '' pixel count ( as opposed to the 2048 × 1536 = 3,145,728 finished image pixels ) .
 the number   reported  

 It received some of the best reviews of Brooks 's career and even critic Pauline Kael liked the film , saying that `` Brooks makes a leap up as a director because , although the comedy does n't build , Mel Brooks carries the story through ... Brooks even has a satisfying windup , which makes this just about the only comedy of recent years that does n't collapse '' .
 the comedy   does n't build  

 As WiseGeek says , `` watching , reading , and interacting with a nation 's mass media can provide clues into how people think , especially if a diverse assortment of Mass media sources are perused '' .
 WiseGeek   says  

 The pullout in May of the second of three Norwegian Cruise Line ships also hurt .
 The pullout in May of the second of three Norwegian Cruise Line ships   also hurt  

 Prior to the injunction , Brown had released three vocal singles , including the blues-oriented hit , `` Out of Sight '' , which further indicated the direction James Brown music was going to take .
 James Brown music   to take  

 The skyline appears to have a notch taken out of Millard County, Utah when viewed from Delta .
 The skyline   appears  

 Nieuwe Waterweg , which opened in 1872 and has a length of approximately , was constructed to keep the city and port of Rotterdam accessible to seafaring vessels as the natural Meuse-Rhine branches silted up .
 the natural Meuse-Rhine branches   silted up  

 It 's not what Steve Ditko 'm like that counts ; it 's what Steve Ditko did and how well it was done ... Steve Ditko produce a product , a comic art story .
 it   was done  

 As controversy grew regarding the alleged placement of nuclear weapons on Okinawa Prefecture , fears intensified on the possible escalation of the Vietnam War .
 controversy   grew  

 While there Julius Caesar is said to have encountered a statue of Alexander the Great , and realized with dissatisfaction Julius Caesar was now at an age when Alexander had the world at Julius Caesar feet , while Julius Caesar had achieved comparatively little .
 realized   Julius Caesar  

 Without any timeouts , Brady led his team down the field to set up kicker Adam Vinatieri 's game-winning 48-yard field goal as time expired .
 time   expired  

 National defence in the face of an aggressive world power is , by arrangement , the responsibility of Italy 's armed forces .
 National defence in the face of an aggressive world power   is  

 While the Missouri River , flowing from the confluence of the Jefferson , Madison and Gallatin Rivers to the Mississippi , is the longest continuously named river in the United States , the serially named river known sequentially as Hellroaring Creek , Red Rock , Beaverhead , Jefferson , Missouri , Middle Mississippi , and Lower Mississippi , as one continuous waterway , is the longest river in North America and the third or fourth longest river in the world .
 the serially named river   known sequentially  

 Just after Frank Harris death a biography written by Hugh Kingsmill ( pseudonym of Hugh Kingsmill Lunn ) was published .
 Just after Frank Harris death a biography   was published  

 Bernal Díaz del Castillo , a soldier who , as an old man , produced the most comprehensive of the eye-witness accounts , the Historia Verdadera de la Conquista de la Nueva España ( `` True Story of La Malinche of New Spain '' ) , speaks repeatedly and reverentially of the `` great lady '' La Malinche ( always using the honorific title , `` Doña '' ) .
 the Historia Verdadera de la Conquista de la Nueva España   speaks repeatedly  

 Peep holes were carved into the walls of the interrogation chambers , through which Duvalier personally observed Haitian detainees being tortured and submerged in baths of sulfuric acid ; sometimes , François Duvalier was directly in the room during the tortures .
 Haitian detainees   being tortured  

 Atari 2600 was the first release of a 2600 designed specifically for the Japanese market , despite companies like Epoch distributing the 2600 in Japan previously .
 a 2600   designed  

 At around the same time , Marina Tsvetaeva became involved in an affair with the poet Sofia Parnok , who was 7 years older than Tsvetaeva , an affair that caused Marina Tsvetaeva husband great grief .
 an affair   caused  

 Glass responded with two 3-movement symphonies ( `` Low '' 1992 , and Symphony No. 2 1994 ) ; Philip Glass first in an ongoing series of symphonies is a combination of the composer 's own musical material with themes featured in prominent tracks of the David Bowie / Brian Eno album Low ( 1977 ) , whereas Symphony No. 2 is described by Glass as a study in polytonality .
 Glass   responded  

 After 1958 when the pressure from Moskow decreased , Sofia turned back to the view that the separate Macedonian language did not exist and that the Macedonians in Blagoevgrad province ( Pirin Macedonia ) were actually Bulgarians .
 the separate Macedonian language   did not exist  

 Polytechnos was furious when Aëdon ( with Hera 's help ) won .
 Aëdon ( with Hera 's help   won  

 A number of genome-wide associations such as zinc finger protein 804A have also been linked .
 A number of genome-wide associations such as zinc finger protein 804A   have also been linked  

 In 2011 , first on The Oprah Winfrey Show only weeks before Elizabeth Taylor 's death from congestive heart failure , Reynolds explained that Debbie Reynolds and Taylor happened to be traveling on the ocean liner Queen Elizabeth at the same time when they made up .
 Debbie Reynolds and Taylor   happened  

 The arid environment which ranges from the northern areas of rain-fed agriculture to the south where irrigation of agriculture is essential if a surplus energy returned on energy invested ( EROEI ) is to be obtained .
 The arid environment which ranges from the northern areas of rain-fed agriculture to the south   to be obtained  

 When a player has cards in his hand that should take a trick ( i.e. two trump to the Queen of Spades ) , but his poor play resulted in not taking a trick , the player has been snookered .
 the player   has been snookered  

 Moses soon discovered that the affair was known , and that Pharaoh was likely to put Moses to death for it ; Moses then fled from Egypt across the Sinai Peninsula .
 the affair   was known  

 A large revolt on Sicily known as the Sicilian Vespers followed these attacks , that saw the Peninsula separating into the Kingdom of Naples .
 A large revolt on Sicily   known  

 However , after the death of the 16th Earl , the indenture was allowed to lapse .
 the indenture   to lapse  

 All these CPUs are opcode compatible ( including undocumented opcodes ) , except the 8502 , where some differences concerning the undocumented opcodes have been reported .
 some differences concerning the undocumented opcodes   have been reported  

 Conceptually , Carmen Jones is Bizet 's opera Carmen updated to a World War II-era African-American setting .
 Bizet 's opera   updated  

 In the Netherlands , selling Mein Kampf , even in the case of an old copy , may be illegal as `` promoting hatred , '' but possession and lending is not .
 possession and lending   is not  

 On October 31 , Les Trois masques debuted ; a Pathé-Natan film , Sound film is generally regarded as the initial French feature talkie , though Sound film was shot , like Blackmail , at the Elstree studio , just outside of London .
 Les Trois masques   debuted  

 When that party dissolved , Albert Pike became a member of the Know-Nothing party .
 that party   dissolved  

 In the Babylonian Talmud ( BT ) , Kiddushin 7a , Polygamy states , `` Raba said : If a man declares , ′ Be thou betrothed to half of me , ′ she is betrothed : ′ half of thee be betrothed to me , ′ she is not betrothed .
 she   is not betrothed  

 Increase Mather was a pastor of the Old North Church and president of Harvard College ; Cotton Mather led an accomplished life that Cotton was determined to live up to .
 an accomplished life   was determined  

 Proponents also suggest that REM-induced muscle inhibition in the presence of brain activation exists to allow for brain development by activating the synapses , yet without any motor consequences that may get the infant in trouble .
 REM-induced muscle inhibition in the presence of brain activation   exists  

 Mitsubishi 's chief designer , Jiro Horikoshi , felt that the requirements could be met , but only if Mitsubishi A6M Zero could be made as light as possible .
 the requirements   could be met  

 In fact , several stories and books describing the aftermath of a total American victory in the Third World War , such as `` Sam Hall '' and its loose sequel `` Three Worlds to Conquer '' as well as `` Shield '' , are scarcely less bleak than the above-mentioned depictions of a Soviet victory .
 Three Worlds   to Conquer  

 This indicates that Australidelphia arose in South America , and reached Australia after Microbiotheria split off .
 Microbiotheria   split off  

 The gamut of program optimization techniques developed for the contemporary IBM Fortran H compiler were deployed : the Optimizer equaled Fortran execution speeds in the hands of good programmers .
 The gamut of program optimization techniques   were deployed  

 In Walter Scott 1870 memoir , Army Life in a Black Regiment , New England abolitionist Thomas Wentworth Higginson ( later editor of Emily Dickinson ) , described how Walter Scott wrote down and preserved Negro spirituals or `` shouts '' while serving an a colonel in the First South Carolina Volunteers , the first authorized Union Army regiment recruited from freedmen during the Civil War ( memorialized in the 1989 film Glory ) .
 Walter Scott   wrote down  

 Oliphant then set out to find out why the committee 's findings were apparently being ignored .
 the committee 's findings   were apparently being ignored  

 Cracks began to show however as Wright felt that the UVF response to the trouble had been inordinately low-key whilst Billy Wright (loyalist) taste for the Progressive Unionist Party ( PUP ) strategy also began to wane as the party moved increasingly towards a form of socialism , an ideology repugnant to Wright .
 Cracks   began  

 Some scholars hold that Antisemitism in the Arab world antisemitism in the modern world arose in the nineteenth century , against the backdrop of conflicting Jewish and Antisemitism in the Arab world nationalism , and was imported into the Antisemitism in the Arab world world primarily by nationalistically minded Christian Arabs ( and only subsequently was it `` Islamized '' ) , Mark Cohen states .
 Mark Cohen   states  

 Thus Judgement of Paris happened that , with Hermes as their guide , the three candidates bathed in the spring of Ida , then confronted Paris on Mount Ida in the climactic moment that is the crux of the tale .
 Judgement of Paris   happened  

 Security forces killed the local al-Qaeda leader shortly afterwards , but an amnesty for militants which followed had only limited effect despite a fall in militant activity .
 militants   followed  

 Jason Alexander think KFC really stepped up to the plate ; unfortunately PETA did not '' .
 unfortunately PETA   did not  

 Nero 's statues were again set up , Otho freedmen and household officers reinstalled ( including the young castrated boy Sporus whom Nero had taken in marriage and Otho would also live intimately with ) , and the intended completion of the Golden House announced .
 Otho   would also live intimately  

 The results of the trial upon children have shown that a high dosage intake of ascorbic acid is safe but the efficacy endpoints expected were not met .
 the efficacy endpoints expected   were not met  

 One of the first incidents of the book being challenged was in Hanover , Virginia , in 1966 : a parent protested that the use of rape as a plot device was immoral .
 the book   being challenged  

 As a sign of leniency , Julius Caesar first had their throats cut .
 their throats   cut  

 Strategy based games generally require a player to think through a sequence of solutions to determine the best way to defeat the opponent .
 a player   to think  

 Since producing bioethanol from fermented sugars and starches involves distillation , though , ordinary people in much of Europe can not legally ferment and distill their own bioethanol at present ( unlike in the US , where getting a BATF distillation permit has been easy since the 1973 oil crisis ) .
 ordinary people in much of Europe   can not legally ferment  

 Chemical state analysis of the surface of polymers readily reveals the presence or absence of the chemical states of carbon known as : carbide ( C 2 - ) , hydrocarbon ( C-C ) ( as hydrogen is not detected ) , alcohol ( C-OH ) , ketone ( C =O ) , organic ester ( COOR ) , carbonate ( CO3 ) , fluoro-hydrocarbon ( CF2-CH2 ) , trifluorocarbon ( CF3 ) .
 hydrogen   is not detected  

 Since antibodies exist freely in the bloodstream , Antibody are said to be part of the humoral immune system .
 Antibody   are said  

 However , Jacob had little taste for text editing , and , as Jacob Grimm Jacob Grimm confessed , working on a critical text gave Jacob Grimm little pleasure .
 Jacob Grimm Jacob Grimm   confessed  

 Eusebius of Caesarea ' Onomasticon ( more properly On the Place-Names in the Holy Scripture , the name Eusebius of Caesarea gives to it ) is a work that moderns would recognize as a gazetteer , a directory of place names , but which ancients had no category for.Tina ( 15:22 ) : of the tribe of Judah .
 a work   moderns  

 And it was suggested that De Niro , Christopher Walken , and John Savage were too old to have enlisted for Vietnam ( Savage , the youngest of the three , was 28 ) .
 it   was suggested  

 With the 2011 expansion of the Pacific-12 Conference , a new $ 3 billion contract for revenue sharing among all the schools in the conference was established .
 a new $ 3 billion contract for revenue sharing among all the schools in the conference   was established  

 The poem , like the others of the cycle , is `` lost '' in that no authentic version has been discovered .
 The poem , like the others of the cycle , is `` lost '' in that no authentic version   has been discovered  

 Stephen King Aunt Emrine read the novel to her before she died .
 she   died  

 The short story `` Jipi and the Paranoid Chip '' appears to take place some time after the events of Cryptonomicon .
 The short story   appears  

 John Donnelly Fage suggests that Takrur was formed through the interaction of Berbers from the Sahara and `` Negro agricultural peoples '' who were `` essentially Serer '' although its kings after 1000 CE might have been Soninke ( northern Mande ) .
 Takrur   was formed  

 In June 1990 , John Major suggested that the proposed Single European Currency should be a `` hard ecu '' , competing for use against existing national currencies ; this idea was not in the end adopted .
 the end   adopted  

 As the GDR began to fall , the Stasi did as well .
 the GDR   to fall  

 Prize cases , in which Union ships were captured by the Confederate Navy or raiders and sold through court proceedings , were heard until the blockade of southern ports made this impossible .
 Union ships   sold  

 Other fragments in the Buddhist scripture can be found that seem to treat polygamy unfavorably , leading some authors to conclude that Buddhism generally does not approve of Polygamy or alternatively that Polygamy is a tolerated , but subordinate marital model .
 Other fragments in the Buddhist scripture   can be found  

 After his induction , the Hall of Fame announced that Gretzky would be the last to have the waiting period waived .
 the waiting period   waived  

 This is blazoned : `` two keys in saltire or and argent , interlacing in the rings or , beneath a tiara argent , crowned or '' ) .
 This   is blazoned  

 The abscess on the King 's left arm dried up in early September 1380 and Charles prepared to die .
 The abscess on the King 's left arm   to die  

 As society has become more technologically oriented , much higher accuracies of measurement are required in an increasingly diverse set of fields , from micro-electronics to interplanetary ranging .
 society   more technologically oriented  

 Oscar crashes through the window of the church Homer is hiding in , and demands the money while Elmo , who was hiding in the trash can with him , tells Homer he knows where he lives .
 he   lives  

 The employment of strict General Canadian can actually hinder the speaker 's ability to effectively socially mesh in rural areas as Newfoundland English signifies that the speaker is closely attached with the social structures of the non-rural world of St. John 's ( known as `` Town '' to Newfoundlanders ) .
 the speaker   is closely attached  

 Drivers are trained in techniques to achieve maximum energy efficiency , and lighting has been minimised ; the provider of the bulk of the energy for the Channel Tunnel has been switched to nuclear power stations in France .
 lighting   has been minimised  

 While other guidance systems have been tried , the basic reliability of wire-guidance means this will remain the primary means of controlling anti-tank missile in the near future .
 other guidance systems   have been tried  

 The concentration at which this occurs depends on the particular compound being measured .
 the particular compound   being measured  

 Decades later , W.H. Auden wrote to J. R. R. Tolkien former professor , `` J. R. R. Tolkien do n't think that J. R. R. Tolkien have ever told you what an unforgettable experience it was for J. R. R. Tolkien as an undergraduate , hearing you recite Beowulf .
 it   was  

 Local Exchange Trading Systems networks use interest-free local credit so direct swaps do not need to be made .
 so direct swaps   to be made  

 When Lillard reached the punch line , Palmer , laughing heartily , slapped Lillard on the back with the hand holding the heavy book he had been reading .
 the punch line   laughing heartily  

 As a result , by some opinions years overdue , the artificial fixed exchange rate was abandoned and Finnish markka was floated .
 Finnish markka   was floated  

 Octahedron all have six vertices , eight triangular faces , and twelve edges that correspond one-for-one with the features of a regular octahedron .
 twelve edges   correspond  

 Many of the adventurers in Africa who have been described as Mercenary were in fact ideologically motivated to support particular governments , and would not fight `` for the highest bidder '' .
 the adventurers in Africa   have been described  

 Good relations are also maintained with the United States ; the US is perceived as a stabilizing force in the region to counterbalance the regional powers .
 Good relations   are also maintained  

 The original cast of Last of the Summer Wine also included a handful of characters with whom the trio regularly interacted .
 the trio   regularly interacted  

 The most common of these , geometric optics , treats light as a collection of rays that travel in straight lines and bend when Optics pass through or reflect from surfaces .
 rays   travel  

 Assad 's domestic policy encountered serious difficulties and setbacks , and produced new problems and ill feelings , particularly among the Sunni urban classes ; the orthodox section of these classes continued to oppose Assad 's regime for being a sectarian military dictatorship .
 the orthodox section of these classes   continued  

 An EPROM ( rarely EROM ) , or erasable programmable read only memory , is a type of memory chip that retains EPROM data when EPROM power supply is switched off .
 EPROM power supply   is switched off  

 This does not , however , imply that anal-only stimulation is more likely to result in orgasm than vaginal-only stimulation ; certain nerves and how Anal sex interact with other nerves play a role and `` total separation between the vagina and clitoris is mostly artificial , and often based on a misunderstanding of what , where , and how big the clitoris really is , '' as the clitoris also surrounds the vagina and anus ( see above ) .
 the clitoris   really is  

 The Velvet Underground & Nico was not until a decade later that the album started to receive almost unanimous praise by numerous rock critics , many of whom made particular note of The Velvet Underground & Nico influence in modern rock music .
 the album   started  

 Mehmed issued orders across Mehmed II empire that Muslims , Christians , and Jews should resettle the city ; Mehmed II demanded that five thousand households needed to be transferred to Constantinople by September .
 five thousand households   needed  

 In an attempt to prevent this prophecy 's fulfillment , when Jocasta indeed bore a son , Laius had his ankles pierced and tethered together so that he could not crawl ; Jocasta then gave the boy to a servant to abandon ( `` expose '' ) on the nearby mountain .
 his ankles   pierced  

 Concerning Sophie Germain early work in number theory , J. H. Sampson , author of `` Sophie Germain and the Theory of Numbers , '' states , `` Sophie Germain was clever with formal algebraic manipulations ; but there is little evidence that Sophie Germain really understood the Disquisitiones , and Sophie Germain work of that period that has come down to us seems to touch only on rather superficial matters '' .
 J. H. Sampson   to touch  

 Even the dedicatee of Falstaff , the conductor Landon Ronald , confessed privately that Edward Elgar could not `` make head or tail of the piece , '' while the musical scholar Percy Scholes wrote of Falstaff that it was a `` great work '' but , `` so far as public appreciation goes , a comparative failure '' .
 public appreciation   goes  

 John had spent the conflict travelling alongside John, King of England father , and was given widespread possessions across the Angevin empire as part of the Montlouis settlement ; from then onwards , most observers regarded John as Henry II 's favourite child , although John, King of England was the furthest removed in terms of the royal succession .
 the furthest   removed  

 On 24 July 2010 , a crowd rush at Love Parade caused the death of 21 people , with at least 500 others injured .
 at least 500 others   injured  

 Anyone Can Whistle depresses him terribly and makes Anyone Can Whistle terribly difficult for him to work ... It is damn hard to concentrate ... when all the atmosphere is filled with gloom and forebodings about will the show get the money to go on ?
 the show   to go on  

 Women 's membership numbers continue to grow throughout Lions Clubs International .
 Women 's membership numbers   continue  

 Warner was more than happy anyway , as Atari 2600 seemed to have no end to the sales of the 2600 , and Atari Inc. was responsible for over half of the company 's income .
 Atari 2600   seemed  

 The two players holding the black queens are partners ; this is not revealed until both cards are played .
 both cards   are played  

 A more modern response to this criticism of concepts without sense-perception is the claim that the universality of Platonic realism qualities is an unavoidable given because one only experiences an object by means of general concepts .
 an unavoidable   given  

 The discovery and synthesis of new chemical elements by nuclear transmutation , and their production in the necessary quantities to allow the studying of their properties , was carried out in nuclear explosive device testing .
 the studying of their properties   was carried out  

 Intermittent sound sources ( such as a wrench being dropped ) may also be detectable to passive sonar .
 a wrench   being dropped  

 The Gramophone described the opening of the new work as something `` thrilling ... unforgettably gaunt '' .
 something   thrilling  

 Homeopathic preparations , termed `` remedies , '' are extremely dilute , often far beyond the point where a single molecule of the original active ( and possibly toxic ) ingredient is likely to remain .
 a single molecule of the original active ( and possibly toxic ) ingredient   to remain  

 In other words , an object 's weight depends on Mass environment , while Mass mass does not .
 Mass mass   does not  

 In our case Note that this ratio does not depend on the particular right triangle chosen , as long as Triangle contains the angle A , since all those triangles are similar .
 the particular right triangle   chosen  

 With all corners of a tetrahedra shared , the silicon : oxygen ratio becomes 1:2 .
 a tetrahedra   shared  

 Most of the weapons were alleged to be stored in ammunition bunkers at Kadena Air Base .
 Most of the weapons   were alleged  

 Penalties for infringing this right were severe , with all infringing copies to be destroyed and large fines to be paid to both the copyright holder and the government ; there was only a three-month statute of limitations on bringing a case , however .
 all infringing copies   to be destroyed  

 In the English town of Painswick in Gloucestershire , a group of 18th century gentry , led by Benjamin Hyett , organised an annual procession dedicated to Pan (god) , during which a statue of the deity was held aloft , and people shouted ` Highgates !
 a statue of the deity   was held aloft  

 Although the European elm bark beetle is known to have occurred across southern and central Alberta , Ulmus americana does not appear to be carrying the disease in these areas .
 the European elm bark beetle   is known  

 There Emil Kraepelin began to study and record many clinical histories in detail and `` was led to consider the importance of the course of the illness with regard to the classification of mental disorders '' .
 Emil Kraepelin   began to study  

 Manhattan Project was isolated and near the Columbia River , which could supply sufficient water to cool the reactors that would produce the plutonium .
 Manhattan Project   was isolated  

 Blench ( 2010 ) believes that the distribution of Nilo-Saharan languages reflects the waterways of the wet Sahara 12,000 years ago , and that the protolanguage had noun classifiers , which today are reflected in a diverse range of prefixes , suffixes , and number marking .
 number   marking  

 Sierra Leone national politics centres on the competition between the north-west , dominated by the Temne , and the south-east dominated by the Mende None The Mende , who are believed to be descendants of the Mane , were originally in the Liberian hinterland .
 Sierra Leone national politics   centres  

 On 1 September 2008 , Aston Martin announced the revival of the Lagonda marque , proposing a concept to be shown in 2009 to coincide with the brand 's 100th anniversary .
 a concept to be shown in 2009   to coincide  

 ( Although Waterworld and Faceball were going to use the EXT port for multiplayer play , the multiplayer features in the former were removed and the latter was canceled .
 the multiplayer features in the former   was canceled  

 Deadly force is authorized if violators who attempt to breach the secured area fail to heed warnings to halt .
 Deadly force   is authorized  

 Many olive trees in the groves around the Mediterranean are said to be hundreds of years old , while an age of 2,000 years is claimed for a number of individual trees ; in some cases , this has been scientifically verified .
 Many olive trees in the groves around the Mediterranean   are said  

 Pierre Curie wrote to Pierre Curie fiancée Marie , `` Pierre Curie must admit that those spiritual phenomena intensely interest Pierre Curie .
 Pierre Curie   must admit  

 In anticipation of the 2008 US presidential election , Wilco released a downloadable version of Bob Dylan 's `` I Shall Be Released '' that they performed with Fleet Foxes .
 they   performed  

 However , Republics of the Soviet Union had a number of effects which caused the power of the republics to increase .
 the republics   to increase  

 With the aid of a pocket calculator , an informed chess competitor can calculate to within one point what his next officially published rating will be , which helps promote a perception that the ratings are fair .
 his next officially published rating   will be  

 Located on China 's southern coast , Macau has ample rainfall , with average annual precipitation being .
 average annual precipitation   being  

 Accounts written at the time conflict over whether this destruction was deliberate or accidental ; one such account , written by the German officer Sobievolski , states that a Turkish deserter revealed to Morosini the use to which the Turks had put Parthenon expecting that the Venetians would not target a building of such historic importance .
 a Turkish deserter   revealed  

 This fits the chronicle of Laus Deo description , which reports that `` at Chichilticalli the country changes its character again and the spiky vegetation ceases .
 the spiky vegetation   ceases  

 This is goat or lamb meat cooked in a spicy sauce seasoned with chili peppers , ginger , cumin , black pepper , oregano and cloves .
 goat or lamb meat   cooked  

 The fundamental theorem of arithmetic establishes the central role of primes in number theory : any integer greater than 1 can be expressed as a product of primes that is unique up to ordering .
 any integer greater than 1   can be expressed  

 So the sky is about fifty billion times darker than Olbers' paradox would be if the universe were neither expanding nor too young to have reached equilibrium yet .
 Olbers' paradox   would be  

 The fundamental theorem of arithmetic continues to hold in unique factorization domains .
 The fundamental theorem of arithmetic   continues  

 Polkan is originally based on Pulicane , a half-dog from Andrea da Barberino 's poem I Reali di Francia , which was once popular in the Slavonic world in prosaic translations .
 I   Reali  

 Another important factor is the purity of the light used .
 the light   used  

 The best choice for this seemed to be nickel .
 The best choice for this   seemed  

 Britain , he says , is very rich in lead , which is found on the surface at many places , and thus very easy to extract ; production was so high that a law was passed attempting to restrict mining .
 a law   was passed  

 The maneuver is repeated over and over , with newly drawn packets dropping onto previous ones , until Shuffling is all in the second hand .
 The maneuver   is repeated over  

 Lee Marvin was named in honor of Confederate General Robert E. Lee , who was Lee Marvin first cousin , four times removed .
 four times   removed  

 Nevertheless , Elizabeth I of England was forced to accept the title of Supreme Governor of the Church of England rather than the more contentious title of Supreme Head , which many thought unacceptable for a woman to bear .
 a woman   to bear  

 The operas composed for Ferdinando de ' Medici are lost ; they might have given a more favourable idea of Alessandro Scarlatti style as Alessandro Scarlatti correspondence with the prince shows that they were composed with a very sincere sense of inspiration .
 The operas composed for Ferdinando de ' Medici   are lost  

 36 Then Gideon said to God , `` If You will deliver Israel through Gideon , as You have spoken , 37 behold , Gideon will put a fleece of wool on the threshing floor .
 You   have spoken  

 In an interview with Michael Parkinson , Patrick Stewart expressed gratitude for Gene Roddenberry 's riposte to a reporter who said , `` Surely they would have cured baldness by the 24th century , '' to which Roddenberry replied , `` In the 24th century , they would n't care '' .
 Roddenberry   replied  

 `` This movie from Hollywood 's poverty row , shot in six days , filled with technical errors and ham-handed narrative , starring a man who can only pout and a woman who can only sneer , should have faded from sight soon after Detour (1945 film) was released in 1945 .
 a woman   can only sneer  

 Alice Edward Elgar wrote with enthusiasm about the reception of the symphony , but this was one of the last times she heard Edward Elgar music played in public .
 Alice Edward Elgar   wrote  

 This composition was initially regarded by the composer as a piece of Gebrauchsmusik ( ` music for use ' ) -- `` like salt and pepper just something for the table '' , as Philip Glass noted .
 Philip Glass   noted  

 When Saxons regrouped , a peace treaty was negotiated whereby the Italian Saxons were allowed to settle with their families in Austrasia .
 Saxons   regrouped  

 Alcaeus was a contemporary and a countryman of Sappho and , since both poets composed for the entertainment of Mytilenean friends , they had many opportunities to associate with each other on a quite regular basis , such as at the Kallisteia , an annual festival celebrating the island 's federation under Mytilene , held at the ` Messon ' ( referred to as temenos in fr.s 129 and 130 ) , where Sappho performed publicly with female choirs .
 Sappho   performed publicly  

 As the story goes , after the Ranger program had experienced failure after failure during the 1960s , the first successful Ranger mission to impact the moon occurred while a JPL staff member was eating peanuts .
 the story   goes  

 While the reference price may be for West Texas Intermediate delivered at Cushing , the actual oil being traded may be a discounted Canadian heavy oil delivered at Hardisty , Alberta , and for a Brent Blend delivered at Shetland , Petroleum may be a Russian Export Blend delivered at the port of Primorsk .
 the actual oil   being traded  

 The only danger is lest the Savoy authorities in their zeal should fare as some of the French did in the vote of 1852 , finding to their surprise rather more votes than voters inscribed on the list .
 the Savoy authorities in their zeal   should fare  

 At the end of the regular season , the team that finishes with the most points in each division is crowned the division champion .
 the team   finishes  

 ( `` The apostles in the memoirs which have come from them , which are also called gospels , have transmitted that the Lord had commanded ... '' ) .
 the Lord   had commanded  

 However , the version in the Folio is rather different in length , and in wording : as the editors of the Folger edition explain : `` The Folio play has about 160 lines that do not appear in the Quarto .
 the editors of the Folger edition   explain  

 The bomb was somewhat more powerful than the `` Little Boy '' bomb dropped over Hiroshima , but because of Nagasaki more uneven terrain , the damage caused was of a lesser degree .
 the damage   caused  

 Unlike the Disney shorts , in which Oswald did not speak , Lantz 's cartoons began to feature actual dialogue for Oswald , although most of the cartoons were still silent to begin with .
 Lantz 's cartoons   began  

 The distinction between external tuner or demodulator boxes ( traditionally considered to be Set-top box ) and storage devices ( such as VCR , DVD , or disc-based PVR units ) is also blurred by the increasing deployment of satellite and cable tuner boxes with hard discs , network or USB interfaces built-in .
 The distinction between external tuner or demodulator boxes   traditionally considered  

 PDP-10 used discrete transistors packaged in DEC 's Flip-Chip technology , with backplanes wire wrapped via a semi-automated manufacturing process .
 backplanes wire   wrapped  

 The Pre-Raphaelites actually foretold Manet ( with whom Modernist painting most definitely begins ) .
 Modernist painting   most definitely begins  

 Æthelred the Unready first name , composed of the elements æðele , meaning `` noble '' , and ræd , meaning `` counsel '' or `` advice '' , is typical of the compound names of those who belonged to the royal House of Wessex , and it characteristically alliterates with the names of Æthelred the Unready ancestors , like Æthelwulf ( `` noble-wolf '' ) , Ælfred ( `` elf-counsel '' ) , Edward ( `` rich-protection '' ) , and Edgar ( `` rich-spear '' ) .
 it   characteristically alliterates  

 Joni Mitchell said , `` Joni Mitchell found that Joni Mitchell was an honor student at art school for the same reason that Joni Mitchell was a bad student -- an equal and opposite reason -- because Joni Mitchell had developed a lot of technical ability ... Joni Mitchell found that Joni Mitchell seemed to be marked for Joni Mitchell technical ability so that in free classes where Joni Mitchell was really uninspired , Joni Mitchell marks remained the same standard .
 Joni Mitchell   seemed  

 Class switching is triggered by cytokines ; the isotype generated depends on which cytokines are present in the B cell environment .
 the isotype generated   depends  

 The Flamethrower Detachment was attached to the 38th Division from 21 May through 20 June 1945 '' .
 The Flamethrower Detachment   was attached  

 Potsdamer Platz No. 1 also houses the `` Panoramapunkt '' viewing platform , located 100 m above ground level , which is accessed by riding Europe 's fastest elevator ( 8.65 metres per second ) .
 ground level   is accessed  

 Savage Land is the home of Longshot , who managed to get there in a small boat which launched from Genosha .
 a small boat   launched  

 Bringing Up Baby had two advance previews in January 1938 , where it received either As or A-pluses on audience-feedback cards .
 it   received  

 For example , when Hurricane Flossie approached and dissipated just before reaching landfall , the NOAA cited vertical wind shear as evidenced in the photo .
 Hurricane Flossie   approached  

 Helen , who prefers a bedroom with the curtains drawn , is amazed at , and eventually fascinated by , Messenger 's lust and ingenuity when it comes to selecting odd spots for making love , for instance a prehistoric burial mound on top of a hill , with some hikers approaching .
 some hikers   approaching  

 An example of this was the British South Africa Police ( BSAP ) , a paramilitary , mounted infantry force formed by the British South Africa Company of Cecil Rhodes in 1889/1890 that evolved and continued until 1980 .
 1889/1890   evolved  

 Because Leno 's show continued to lead all late-night programming in the Nielsen ratings , the pending expiration of Leno 's contract led to speculation about whether Jay Leno would become a late-night host for another network after Jay Leno commitment to NBC expired .
 Leno 's show   continued  

 From which 80,000 to 100,000 children begin smoking every day , roughly half of whom live in Asia .
 80,000 to 100,000 children   begin  

 Sometimes separated as family Psilorhynchidae , Cypriniformes seem to be specially-adapted Cyprinidae .
 Cypriniformes   seem  

 Of particular importance here were the USA states of Illinois and New York , under whose laws a large proportion of international financial contracts are made .
 a large proportion of international financial contracts   are made  

 Ino (Greek mythology) hatched a devious plot to get rid of the twins , roasting all the crop seeds of Boeotia so they would not grow .
 they   would not grow  

 Suffrage is the right to vote gained through the democratic process .
 the right   gained  

 Competition between units even developed with units competing for the honour of greatest number of prisoners captured or most destruction wrought .
 units   even developed  

 That Poseidon and Erechtheus were two names at Athens for the same figure ( see below ) was demonstrated in the cult at the Erechtheum , where there was a single altar , a single priest and sacrifices were dedicated to Poseidon erechtheus , Walter Burkert observed , adding `` An historian would say that a Homeric , pan-Hellenic name has been superimposed on an autochthonous , non-Greek name '' .
 Walter Burkert   observed  

 The number No. 50 , although Milwaukee Brewers has not been retired , has been placed in the Brewers ' Ring of Honor for Bob Uecker and his half-century in baseball .
 Milwaukee Brewers   has not been retired  

 Furthermore , France was taking an interest in forming an alliance with Geneva and as the two ministers were Frenchmen , councillors began to question their loyalty .
 councillors   began  

 The exception is that , for triphthongs that are spelled with only two vowel letters , both of which are the semi-vowels , the tone marker goes on the second spelled vowel .
 triphthongs   are spelled  

 However only the larger No. 1 ( or `` H4 '' as it sometimes called ) watch appears ever to have been finished .
 only the larger No. 1 ( or `` H4 '' as it sometimes called ) watch   appears  

 When the princes grow up , Dhritarashtra is about to be crowned king by Bhishma when Vidura intervenes and uses his knowledge of politics to assert that a blind person can not be king .
 Vidura   intervenes  

 Excessive growth of the money supply taken to such an extreme that Stagflation must be reversed abruptly can clearly be a cause .
 Stagflation   must be reversed abruptly  

 If the maximum number of players does not receive 75 % after the first round of voting , then run-off votes are held .
 votes   are held  

 Some Kurdish sources put the number higher , estimating 182,000 Kurds were killed .
 182,000 Kurds   were killed  

 Though The Oxford Encyclopedia of British Literature sees Modernism ending by c. 1939 , with regard to British and American literature , `` When ( if ) Modernism petered out and postmodernism began has been contested almost as hotly as when the transition from Victorianism to Modernism occurred '' .
 postmodernism   began  

 The Argentine military junta began to reinforce the islands in late April when it was realised that the British Task Force was heading south .
 The Argentine military junta   began  

 After the end of the Cold War , the importance of industry , and especially of heavy industry , declined .
 the end of the Cold War , the importance of industry , and especially of heavy industry   declined  

 Some historians argue that the award caused Britain to incur disproportionate losses in defending Malta , as British credibility would have suffered if Malta surrendered , as Singapore had .
 Singapore   had  

 In March 2008 , the Ministry of Finance announced that Slovakia economy is developed enough to stop being an aid receiver from the World Bank .
 Slovakia economy   is developed  

 We are told that both the College , and the Woodend Police Station where records of the investigation were kept , are destroyed by fire shortly afterwards .
 records of the investigation   were kept  

 Halley presented Newton 's findings to the Royal Society of London , with a promise that a fuller presentation would follow .
 a fuller presentation   would follow  

 The data showed that IKAROS appears to have been solar-sailing since 3 June when it deployed Solar sail .
 IKAROS   appears  

 Tchaikovsky became attached to the young woman and her affection for Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky is said to have provided a counter to Tchaikovsky 's mother , who has been described as a cold , unhappy , distant parent , although others assert that the mother doted on her son .
 Tchaikovsky   is said  

 Thus independent , unconnected , scientific observations can be connected to each other , unified by principles of increasing explanatory power .
 independent , unconnected , scientific observations   can be connected  

 Septuagint is also useful for elucidating pre-Masoretic Hebrew : many proper nouns are spelled out with Greek vowels in the LXX , while contemporary Hebrew texts lacked vowel pointing .
 many proper nouns   are spelled out  

 As current versions of PGP have added additional encryption algorithms , the degree of their cryptographic vulnerability varies with the algorithm used .
 the algorithm   used  

 The physics principle behind orbital resonance is similar in concept to pushing a child on a swing , where the orbit and the swing both have a natural frequency , and the other body doing the `` pushing '' will act in periodic repetition to have a cumulative effect on the motion .
 the other body doing   pushing  

 The TIN DEM dataset is also referred to as a primary ( measured ) DEM , whereas the Raster DEM is referred to as a secondary ( computed ) DEM .
 a primary   measured  

 In Julia Kristeva comparison between the two disciplines , Kristeva claims that the way in which an individual excludes the abject mother as a means of forming an identity , is the same way in which societies are constructed .
 societies   are constructed  

 Mary Rose was not until the passing of the Protection of Wrecks Act on 1973 that the Mary Rose was declared to be of national historic interest that enjoyed full legal protection from any disturbance by commercial salvage teams .
 the Mary Rose   was declared  

 The recommendation on scheduling is binding only to the extent that if HHS recommends that Controlled Substances Act not be controlled , the DEA may not control Controlled Substances Act .
 Controlled Substances Act   not be controlled  

 Petrarch encouraged and advised Leontius Pilatus 's translation of Homer from a manuscript purchased by Boccaccio , although Petrarch was severely critical of the result .
 Petrarch   encouraged  

 Eventually , Olbers' paradox would reach 3000 K ( corresponding to a typical photon energy of 0.3 eV and so a frequency of 7.5 & times ; 1013 Hz ) , and the photons would begin to be absorbed by the hydrogen plasma filling most of the universe , rendering outer space opaque .
 the photons   would begin  

 During the early months of the Protectorate , a set of `` triers '' was established to assess the suitability of future parish ministers , and a related set of `` ejectors '' was set up to dismiss ministers and schoolmasters who were deemed unsuitable for office .
 a related set of `` ejectors   was set up  

 J.E.B. Stuart last whispered words were : `` J.E.B. Stuart am resigned ; God 's will be done '' .
 J.E.B. Stuart   am resigned  

 Genipa is not to be confused with genip ( Melicoccus bijugatus ) , a completely unrelated eudicot .
 Genipa   not to be confused  

 Psychiatrists attribute an excess in dopaminergic signalling is traditionally to be linked to the positive symptoms of psychosis , especially those of schizophrenia .
 an excess in dopaminergic signalling   is traditionally to be linked  

 Hockey Hall of Fame has 15 exhibit areas covering .
 15 exhibit areas   covering  

 When Pentheus heard this Pentheus caused `` something insane behind his eyes to tear off Pentheus straightjacket '' .
 Pentheus   heard  

 Mormon -- who was named after the land -- was a 4th-century prophet -- historian who compiled and abridged many records of his ancestors into the Book of Mormon .
 historian   compiled  

 In the case of parallelization , Amdahl 's law states that if P is the proportion of a program that can be made parallel ( i.e. , benefit from parallelization ) , and ( 1 − P ) is the proportion that can not be parallelized ( remains serial ) , then the maximum speedup that can be achieved by using N processors is .
 the maximum speedup   can be achieved  

 Foreshadowing Milton Friedman later ideas , Milton Friedman believed price controls interfered with an essential signaling mechanism to help resources be used where they were most valued .
 they   were most valued  

 At 22:00 , the four infantry divisions of XXX Corps began to move .
 the four infantry divisions of XXX Corps   to move  

 Most composers do n't specify how instruments are to be tuned , although historically most have assumed one tuning system which was common in their time ; in the 20th century most composers assumed equal temperament would be used .
 instruments   to be tuned  

 Caesar had four legions under Julius Caesar command , two of Julius Caesar provinces bordered on unconquered territory , and parts of Gaul were known to be unstable .
 Julius Caesar provinces   bordered  

 The word `` polygon '' derives from the Greek πολύς ( polús ) `` much '' , `` many '' and γωνία ( gōnía ) `` corner '' , `` angle '' , or γόνυ ( gónu ) `` knee '' .
 much   γωνία  

 We decided that not putting Sammy Sosa on that list was the best thing to do .
 the best thing   to do  

 In September 1980 , Assad agreed to enter another union with Libya , which occurred when both countries were diplomatically isolated .
 both countries   were diplomatically isolated  

 Almayer ( Almayer 's Folly , 1894 ) , abandoned by Joseph Conrad beloved daughter , takes to opium and dies ; Peter Willems ( An Outcast of the Islands , 1895 ) is killed by Joseph Conrad jealous lover Aïssa ; the ineffectual `` Nigger , '' James Wait ( The Nigger of the Narcissus , 1897 ) , dies aboard ship and is buried at sea ; Mr. Kurtz ( Heart of Darkness , 1899 ) expires , uttering the enigmatic words , `` The horror !
 Mr. Kurtz   expires  

 Thompson also blamed Counter-Strike for the February 14 , 2008 Northern Illinois University shooting perpetrated by Steven Kazmierczak on the day after the shooting .
 2008 Northern Illinois University   shooting  

 A blend of the two techniques keeps Persistence of vision fooled without unnecessary production cost .
 Persistence of vision   fooled  

 PH dissociates according to the equilibrium with a dissociation constant , Kw defined as where H + stands for the concentration of the aquated hydronium ion and OH - represents the concentration of the hydroxide ion .
 PH   dissociates  

 In return again J. R. R. Tolkien hope to send you , if J. R. R. Tolkien can lay J. R. R. Tolkien hands on it ( J. R. R. Tolkien hope it is n't lost ) , a thing J. R. R. Tolkien did many years ago when trying to learn the art of writing alliterative poetry : an attempt to unify the lays about the Völsungs from the Elder Edda , written in the old eight-line fornyrðislag stanza '' .
 J. R. R. Tolkien hope   is n't lost  

 Perhaps the punishment Judah ha-Nasi received for lacking compassion towards the calf helped Judah ha-Nasi to see that eating animals is not a matter that should be treated lightly .
 a matter   should be treated lightly  

 A star remains near Main sequence initial position on the main sequence until a significant amount of hydrogen in the core has been consumed , then begins to evolve into a more luminous star .
 a significant amount of hydrogen in the core   has been consumed  

 Also , if no one picks , the play is similar to a leaster in sheepshead , except that instead of trying for the least points , in sheepshoof one tries for the fewest number of points , and thus Sheepshead is called a fewster in sheepshoof as compared to a leaster in sheepshead .
 no one   picks  

 The term Latino was officially adopted in 1997 by the United States Government in the ethnonym Hispanic or Latino , which replaced the single term Hispanic : `` Because regional usage of the terms differs -- Hispanic is commonly used in the eastern portion of the United States , whereas Latino is commonly used in the western portion '' .
 regional usage of the terms   differs  

 In England Civil parishes and Parish councils evolved in the 19th century as ecclesiastical parishes began to be relieved of what became considered to be civil responsibilities .
 ecclesiastical parishes   began  

 The production is `` sparing on furniture and heavy on shadows '' , with `` a scaled-down orchestra at lugubriously slowed-down tempos ... '' He goes on to write that `` this somber , less-is-more approach could be effective were the ensemble plugged into the same rueful sensibility .
 is   this somber  

 Benevento was acclaimed by a chronicler as a `` second Pavia '' -- Ticinum geminum -- after the Lombard capital was lost .
 the Lombard capital   was lost  

 While the new ex-colonial states appeared to follow the blueprint of the idealized state - centralized government , territory enclosed by defined borders , and citizenry with defined rights - , as well as accessories such as a national flag , an anthem , a seat at the United Nations and an official economic policy , they were in actuality far weaker than the Western states they were modeled after .
 the new ex-colonial states   appeared  

 In general , the most common reason why people cooperate is that Synergy brings a synergy .
 people   cooperate  

 The bishops continue to invite Old Catholic Church bishops not yet a part of TOCCUSA to enter into dialogue , with the hopes that deeper unity may be accomplished .
 The bishops   continue  

 Cultic rites associated with worship of the Greek god of wine , Dionysus ( or Bacchus in Roman mythology ) , were allegedly characterized by maniacal dancing to the sound of loud music and crashing cymbals , in which the revellers , called Bacchantes , whirled , screamed , became drunk and incited one another to greater and greater ecstasy .
 in which the revellers , called Bacchantes ,   whirled  

 Churchill 's reward was said to be a houseful of furniture , valued at # 40,000 .
 Churchill 's reward   was said  

 For instance , a point is in the Mandelbrot set exactly when the corresponding Julia set is connected .
 the corresponding Julia set   is connected  

 In a career that spanned six decades , James Brown profoundly influenced the development of many different musical genres .
 a career   spanned  

 Pedro Martínez fastball settled into the 85 -- 88 mph range , although Pedro Martínez was able to occasionally reach 90-91 mph when the need arose .
 the need   arose  

 In some Lutheran churches , ordained clergy are called Priest , while in others the term pastor is preferred .
 the term pastor   is preferred  

 So the layout stayed put , although in 1823-4 Schinkel did get to rebuild the Potsdam Gate .
 the layout   put  

 Local application of estrogen in the rat hippocampus has been shown to inhibit the re-uptake of serotonin .
 Local application of estrogen in the rat hippocampus   has been shown  

 This is generally done using a Fourier transform to show the different frequencies making up Sonar .
 This   is generally done  

 The clergy could even be imprisoned , as occurred in the Stonehaven Tolbooth after three clergymen held services at the chapel at Muchalls Castle .
 The clergy   could even be imprisoned  

 In 2006 , the Journal of Cell Biology gained publicity for instituting tests to detect photo manipulation in papers that were being considered for publication .
 papers   were being considered  

 There was evidence of arcing in a wire bundle that included FQIS wiring that connected with the Center Wing Tank .
 FQIS wiring   connected  

 In 1970 , the beech crosspieces were switched to maple after it was found that the beechwood had been infested with insects .
 it   was found  

 Petrovich adds , `` This proved to be a major handicap when Sophie Germain could no longer be regarded as a young prodigy to be admired but was judged by Sophie Germain peer mathematicians '' .
 a young prodigy   to be admired  

 Most famous is , co-authored with mathematician Dave Bayer , which concluded that Shuffling did not start to become random until five good riffle shuffles , and was truly random after seven , in the precise sense of variation distance described in Markov chain mixing time ; of course , you would need more shuffles if your shuffling technique is poor .
 mathematician Dave Bayer   concluded  

 Mass protests were called by the All-Britain Anti-Poll Tax Federation , with which the vast majority of local Anti Tax per head Unions ( APTUs ) were affiliated .
 the vast majority of local Anti Tax per head Unions   were affiliated  

 Of these apartments , a total of 61,056 apartments ( 88.0 % of the total ) were permanently occupied , while 6,840 apartments ( 9.9 % ) were seasonally occupied and 1,487 apartments ( 2.1 % ) were empty , the construction rate of new housing units was 2.1 new units per 1000 residents .
 a total of 61,056 apartments   were permanently occupied  

 As PCR progresses , the DNA generated is Polymerase chain reaction used as a template for replication , setting in motion a chain reaction in which the DNA template is exponentially amplified .
 PCR   progresses  

 This causes a pitch down force on the aircraft if the centre of mass remains where Concorde was .
 Concorde   was  

 The first was impressionism , a school of painting that initially focused on work done , not in studios , but outdoors ( en plein air ) .
 work   done  

 The only Olympic death linked to performance enhancing occurred at the 1960 Rome games .
 The only Olympic death   enhancing  

 In the Boldt case , the Editors-in-Chief of 18 specialist journals ( generally anaesthesia and intensive care ) made a joint statement regarding 88 published clinical trials conducted without Ethics Committee approval .
 88 published clinical trials   conducted  

 In Ohio , owning a Quaker is legal as long as the bird 's wings are clipped so that Monk Parakeet can not fly .
 Monk Parakeet   can not fly  

 When in an aggressive mode , a chimp will swagger bipedally , hunched over and arms waving , in an attempt to exaggerate Common chimpanzee size .
 arms   waving  

 Once LEMS is diagnosed , investigations such as a CT scan of the chest are usually performed to identify any possible underlying lung tumors .
 LEMS   is diagnosed  

 According to the GBRMPA , the current , living reef structure is believed to have begun growing on the older platform about 20,000 years ago .
 the current , living reef structure   is believed  

 Marshall McLuhan was credited with coining the phrase Turn on , tune in , drop out by its popularizer , Timothy Leary in the 1960s .
 the phrase   Turn on  

 Land west of the Mississippi River was acquired with the Louisiana Purchase , although a portion of the Red River Valley was disputed until the Treaty of 1818 .
 Land west of the Mississippi River   was acquired  

 A staff ( or stave , in British English ) of Musical notation generally begins with a clef , which indicates the position of one particular note on the staff .
 A staff   stave  

 Andromeda Galaxy and the Milky Way are thus expected to collide in about 4.5 billion years , although the details are uncertain since Andromeda 's tangential velocity with respect to the Milky Way is known to only within about a factor of two .
 Andromeda 's tangential velocity with respect to the Milky Way   is known  

 However , the order in which substrates are deubiquitinated and unfolded is not yet clear .
 the order   unfolded  

 Apollo again helped the newly wed king , this time by making the Fates drunk , extracting from them a promise that if anyone would want to die instead of Admetus , Alcestis would allow Alcestis .
 anyone   to die instead  

 Among the tracks on The Paul Simon Songbook that were rerecorded ( some with electric backing ) for Sound of Silence were `` I Am a Rock '' ( which as a single reached U.S. No. 3 in the summer of 1966 ) , `` Leaves That Are Green '' , `` April Come She Will '' , `` A Most Peculiar Man '' , and `` Kathy 's Song '' .
 were   some with electric backing ) for Sound of Silence  

 The presence of an allele does not mean that the trait will be expressed in the individual that possesses Mendelian inheritance .
 the trait   will be expressed  

 On December 13 , 2012 , Studio Ghibli announced that Miyazaki was working on Hayao Miyazaki next film , The Wind Is Rising , based on Hayao Miyazaki manga of the same name , with plans to simultaneously release it with The Tale of the Bamboo Cutter .
 The Wind   Is Rising  

 Ossified patellae are absent in most modern Marsupial , though a small number of exceptions are reported .
 a small number of exceptions   are reported  

 The set of values for which F ( s ) converges absolutely is either of the form Re ( s ) > a or else Re ( s ) ≥ a , where a is an extended real constant , − ∞ ≤ a ≤ ∞ .
 The set of values for which F ( s ) converges absolutely   is  

 Longfellow wrote a tribute poem to Nathaniel Hawthorne , published in 1866 , called '' '' .
 Nathaniel Hawthorne   called  

 The book was first published in Albania in 2012 with a cover note saying Mein Kampf served as a reminder of what extremism can do .
 Mein Kampf   served  

 Looking to make a fresh start , Boone moved with much of Daniel Boone extended family to what is now St. Charles County .
 Boone   moved  

 This in turn caused SGI market share to weaken as more 3D graphics hardware suppliers entered the market .
 SGI market share   to weaken  

 A left-handed bowler who bowls with the same action as Off spin is known as a left-arm orthodox spinner .
 A left-handed bowler   bowls  

 The BBC 's Newsnight television programme saw the financial records of Simon Mann 's companies showing large payments to Nick du Toit and also some $ 2m coming in -- though the source of this funding Mercenary say is largely untraceable .
 Mercenary   say  

 In a 1992 article , New York Times critic Allan Kozinn writes , `` It is Tchaikovsky 's flexibility , after all , that has given us a sense of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky variability ... Tchaikovsky was capable of turning out music -- entertaining and widely beloved though it is -- that seems superficial , manipulative and trivial when regarded in the context of the whole literature .
 it   is  

 According to the , it appeared Saeed may have been at the controls of the flight when it crashed , although the 9/11 commission asserts that Ziad Jarrah was the pilot .
 it   crashed  

 Pepsi came up with advertising portraying black Americans in a positive light , such as one with a smiling mother holding a six pack of Pepsi while her son ( a young Ron Brown , who grew up to be Secretary of Commerce ) reaches up for one .
 a young Ron Brown   grew up  

 Once those two years had passed , Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky transferred to the Imperial School of Jurisprudence to begin a seven-year course of studies .
 those two years   had passed  

 Power sliding allows a kart to maintain Super Mario Kart speed while turning , although executing the maneuver for too long causes the kart to spin .
 the kart   to spin  

 The foreman of a jury refused the legitimacy of federal courts , so Federal Judge Andrew Magrath ruled that U.S. judicial authority in South Carolina was vacated .
 U.S. judicial authority in South Carolina   was vacated  

 Michael Ventris father , Edward Francis Vereker Ventris , reached the rank of Lieutenant Colonel in the Indian Army ; Michael Ventris might have gone further had Michael Ventris not contracted tuberculosis and retired .
 Michael Ventris   might have gone  

 The girls , rather naively , sliced and diced their father and put him in the cauldron .
 The girls , rather naively   sliced  

 Writing in the 2nd century AD , the satirist Lucian points out that while temples to the major Olympians were everywhere , none to Prometheus is to be seen .
 none to Prometheus   to be seen  

 Admirers of Brown 's music , including Miles Davis and other jazz musicians , began to cite James Brown as a major influence on their own styles .
 Admirers of Brown 's music , including Miles Davis and other jazz musicians   began  

 Crandall University Moral Code states that sexual relationships are to take place in the confines of a marriage between one man and one woman - staff and faculty are expected to adhere to the University 's Moral Code .
 woman - staff and faculty   are expected  

 They agreed that Jane Austen `` combined Henry Fielding 's and Samuel Richardson 's qualities of interiority and irony , realism and satire to form an author superior to both '' .
 Jane Austen   combined  

 The division of the major psychoses into manic depressive illness ( now called bipolar disorder ) and dementia praecox ( now called schizophrenia ) was made by Emil Kraepelin , who attempted to create a synthesis of the various mental disorders identified by 19th century psychiatrists , by grouping diseases together based on classification of common symptoms .
 diseases   together based  

 However small the pieces , the block should be cut so that each person gets some of each kind .
 the block   should be cut  

 While great income is produced , most staff employed in the mining industries are from outside Mali , and residents in the areas of intensive mining complain of little benefit from the industry .
 great income   is produced  

 So the unique situation which anticipated the II Vatican Council by several centuries was destroyed .
 the unique situation which anticipated the II Vatican Council by several centuries   was destroyed  

 After Tom dies , George Shelby eulogizes Tom by saying , `` What a thing it is to be a Christian '' .
 Tom   dies  

 Koman and Gumuz remain poorly attested , and so are difficult to work with , while arguments continue over the inclusion of Songhai .
 Koman and Gumuz   poorly attested  

 Roy Campanella went on to play for the Dodgers from through as their regular catcher .
 Roy Campanella   went on  

 It was through Pacini that Salieri gained the attention of the composer Florian Leopold Gassmann , who , impressed with Antonio Salieri talents and concerned for Antonio Salieri future , took the young orphan to Vienna where Antonio Salieri personally directed and paid for the remainder of Antonio Salieri musical education .
 Antonio Salieri   personally directed  

 Teasing is the reactionary side of the comic , Satire limits Satire to a shallow parody of physical appearance ; the side-effect of teasing is that Satire humanizes and draws sympathy for the powerful individual towards which is directed .
 the powerful individual   is directed  

 If so , we have nothing to do : finished Otherwise : Wait until the lift is idle Go to the required floor Release the memory we used to remember the floor number Memory leak would occur if the floor number requested is the same floor that the lift is on ; the condition for releasing Memory leak would be skipped .
 the condition for releasing Memory leak   would be skipped  

 One of the great advantages of such notation systems is that Just intonation allow the natural harmonic series to be precisely notated .
 the natural harmonic series   to be precisely notated  

 Psychoanalysis training in the United States , in most locations , involves personal analytic treatment for the trainee , conducted confidentially , with no report to the Education Committee of the Analytic Training Institute ; approximately 600 hours of class instruction , with a standard curriculum , over a four-year period .
 personal analytic treatment for the trainee   conducted confidentially  

 This usage died out around the time of World War II , as the industry started to avoid the word , given the pejorative connotation Propaganda had acquired .
 the industry   started  

 Those who believe that the Queen saw Brown as little more than a servant point to the fact that after John Brown (servant) death she became similarly attached to an Indian servant , Abdul Karim ( the Munshi ) , one of two who had come to work for her in late June 1887 .
 she   similarly attached  

 In some languages Nominative case is unmarked , it may be said to be marked by a zero morpheme .
 it   may be said  

 After reading the whole list , François Duvalier remarked , `` All were shot '' .
 All   were shot  

 The only Olympic death linked to performance enhancing occurred at the 1960 Rome games .
 The only Olympic death   linked  

 This test allows 30 % of color deficient individuals , whose deficiency is not too severe , to pass .
 30 % of color deficient individuals , whose deficiency is not too severe   to pass  

 Myth , then is always an account of a `` creation '' ; Creation myth related how something was produced , began to be .
 something   was produced  

 While some of these depictions of women are speculated to be images of worshippers and priestesses officiating at religious ceremonies , as opposed to the deity , several goddesses appear to be portrayed .
 several goddesses   appear  

 In one study of Ostrich attacks , it was estimated that two to three attacks that result in serious injury or death occur each year in the area of Oudtshoorn , South Africa , where a large number of ostrich farms abut against both feral and wild Ostrich populations .
 ostrich farms   abut  

 Unlike Palin and Jones , Cleese and Chapman actually wrote together -- in the same room ; Cleese claims that their writing partnership involved John Cleese sitting with pen and paper , doing most of the work , while Chapman sat back , not speaking for long periods , then suddenly coming out with an idea that often elevated the sketch to a different level .
 Chapman   sat back  

 Interestingly , the halting paradox still applies to such machines ; although Oracle machine determine whether particular Turing machines will halt on particular inputs , Oracle machine can not determine , in general , if machines equivalent to themselves will halt .
 Oracle machine   can not determine  

 The third Carmichael number ( 1729 ) is the Hardy-Ramanujan Number : the smallest number that can be expressed as the sum of two cubes in two different ways .
 the smallest number   can be expressed  

 Users may use the included command line tools , or use MySQL `` front-ends '' , desktop software and web applications that create and manage MySQL databases , build database structures , back up data , inspect status , and work with data records .
 web applications   create  

 Sustainable development was used by the Brundtland Commission , which coined what has become the most often-quoted definition of sustainable development : `` development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs '' .
 the Brundtland Commission   coined  

 Detector speed is obviously critical , as all charge carriers measured have to come from the same photon to measure the photon energy correctly ( peak length discrimination is used to eliminate events that seem to have been produced by two X-ray photons arriving almost simultaneously ) .
 all charge carriers   measured  

 Miletus is then mentioned in the `` Tawagalawa letter '' , part of a series including the Manapa-Tarhunta letter and the Milawata letter , all of which are less securely dated .
 all of which   less securely dated  

 The traditional cable uses 40-pin connectors attached to a ribbon cable .
 40-pin connectors   attached  

 On 25 February 2010 , the Court of Cassation gave a verdict of not guilty because the statute of limitations expired .
 the statute of limitations   expired  

 `` Friend more than Servant , Loyal , Truthful , Brave Self less than Duty , even to the Grave '' Victoria 's children and ministers resented the high regard she had for John Brown (servant) , and , inevitably , stories circulated that there was something improper about their relationship .
 stories   circulated  

 Ratings over the following summer , when compared to the same period in 2009 with O'Brien hosting The Tonight Show ( including O'Brien 's highly rated debut ) , showed that while total viewership was 12 % higher for Jay Leno , viewership in the important `` adults aged 18 -- 49 '' demographic was 23 % lower .
 the important `` adults   aged  

 The various graphite pencil grades are achieved by altering the proportion of graphite to clay : the more clay the harder Pencil .
 The various graphite pencil grades   are achieved  

 In fact , the word `` Sámi '' is only the accusative-genitive form of the noun `` Sápmi (area) '' -- making the nation 's name ( Sámi olbmot ) simply mean `` people of Sápmi (area) '' .
 the nation 's name   simply mean  

 StarCraft voice acting in particular was praised ; GameSpot later hailed the voice work in the game as one of the ten best in the industry at the time .
 StarCraft voice acting in particular   was praised  

 However , Trudeau 's ambitions in this arena have been overstated : Trudeau once said that Pierre Trudeau regretted the use of the term `` bilingualism '' , because it appeared to demand that all Canadians speak two languages .
 it   appeared  

 Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky simply did not know what Tchaikovsky could accomplish , nor whether Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky could make a living at it .
 Tchaikovsky   could accomplish  

 Nim can also be played as a normal play game , which means that the person who makes the last move ( i.e. , who takes the last object ) wins .
 Nim   can also be played  

 By 1896 the fund had purchased 1/4 of Kephala Hill , on which the ruins were located , with first option to buy the rest .
 the ruins   were located  

 The absorption of light ( what we perceive as the color ) by these electrons ( that is , excitation of electrons from one orbital to another orbital under influence of light ) can be correlated to the ground state of the metal complex , which reflects the bonding properties of the ligands .
 we   perceive  

 If the books were not deposited , the penalties would be severe , with a fine of # 5 .
 the books   were not deposited  

 Joni Mitchell made Joni Mitchell wedding dress ... Joni Mitchell walked down the aisle brandishing Joni Mitchell daisies '' .
 made   Joni Mitchell  

 Illegal squats in abandoned or condemned housing and communal `` punk houses '' sometimes provide bands a place to stay while Punk subculture are touring .
 Punk subculture   are touring  

 Qualities which are specially noticeable are roundness in the shape of letters , continuity of formation , the pen being carried on from character to character , and regularity , the letters not differing strikingly in size and projecting strokes above or below the line being avoided .
 the letters   not differing strikingly  

 In contrast , requiring only a single small incision , the `` Bonati system '' ( invented by Dr. Alfred Bonati ) , uses a single 5-function control , so that a saline solution and the vacuum pump operate together when the laser cutter is activated .
 the laser cutter   is activated  

 While the trade landed Montreal three youngsters that would help the still maturing expansion team , many Montrealers were saddened to lose a popular player .
 the trade   landed  

 To forestall French incursion into what History of Sierra Leone had come to consider as their own sphere , the British government renewed efforts to finalise a boundary agreement with France and on 1 January 1890 instructed Governor Hay in Sierra Leone to get from chiefs in the boundary area friendship treaties containing a clause forbidding them to treat with another European power without British consent .
 them   to treat  

 Symptoms that may occur include unusual vaginal bleeding or discharge , pain in the abdomen , painful sexual intercourse ( dyspareunia ) , fever , painful urination or the urge to urinate more frequently than usual ( urinary urgency ) .
 Symptoms   may occur  

 At the same time the small organ that had been built in the nave aisle was moved up into the triforium where Chartres Cathedral remains , though some time in the sixteenth century Chartres Cathedral was replaced with a larger one on a raised platform at the western end of the building .
 Chartres Cathedral   remains  

 The entirely paraphyletic `` Barbinae '' and the disputed Labeoninae might be better treated as part of the Cyprininae , forming a close-knit group whose internal relationships are still little known .
 a close-knit group   known  

 The core is hollow and provides an enclosed cavity in which proteins are degraded ; openings at the two ends of the core allow the target protein to enter .
 the target protein   to enter  

 The Niger River also is an important source of fish , providing food for riverside communities ; the surplus -- smoked , salted , and dried -- is exported .
 the surplus   salted  

 In past investigations , once it was established that a crash was , in fact , a criminal act , the FBI had become the lead federal investigative body , with the NTSB providing any requested support .
 a crash   was  

 Hence , everything that is written seems to be governed by specific rules , or a `` grammar of literature '' , that one learns in educational institutions and that are to be unmasked .
 everything that is written   seems  

 As time progressed , even more memory could be added through third party cards using the same bank-switching slot , or alternatively general purpose slot cards that addressed memory 1 byte at a time ( i.e.
 time   progressed  

 The Sun emits Electromagnetic spectrum peak power in the visible region , although integrating the entire emission power spectrum through all wavelengths shows that the Sun emits slightly more infrared than visible light .
 the Sun   emits slightly more infrared  

 At 02:19:11 UT Mariner Mariner 4 passed behind Mars as seen from Earth and the radio signal ceased .
 the radio signal   ceased  

 21While each man held Gideon position around the camp , all the Midianites ran , crying out as they fled .
 they   fled  

 Marshall McLuhan was credited with coining the phrase Turn on , tune in , drop out by its popularizer , Timothy Leary in the 1960s .
 the phrase   drop out  

 The eight men arrested were found with AK-47 automatic rifles and bags of fish , including high-value snapper , taken off the Sierra Leone-licensed vessels .
 The eight men   arrested  

 Pepsiman happens to appear at just the right time with the product .
 Pepsiman   happens  

 For example , Phonology differ in the extent to which Phonology require allophones to be phonetically similar .
 Phonology   differ  

 Estimates vary by source though Xinhua , China 's official news agency , states that there are no less than 750,000 Chinese nationals working or living in Africa .
 no less than 750,000 Chinese nationals   working  

 Instead of headquartering the company in a downtown Houston skyscraper , then-CEO Rod Canion chose a West Coast-style campus surrounded by forests , where every employee had similar offices and no-one ( not even the CEO ) had a reserved parking spot .
 a West Coast-style campus   surrounded  

 The Mongols were then free to lay siege without interference of the field army as Siege had been destroyed ... At the siege of Aleppo , Hulegu used twenty catapults against the Bab al-Iraq ( Gate of Iraq ) alone .
 Siege   had been destroyed  

 Perhaps the best known was the planet of The Man Who Counts ; Anderson adjusted its size and composition so that humans could live in the open air but flying intelligent aliens could evolve , and Poul Anderson explored consequences of these adjustments .
 The Man   Counts  

 Persistent organisms remain viable as Chlamydia infection are capable of returning to a normal growth state once conditions in the host cell improve .
 conditions in the host cell   improve  

 Another more physically realistic approach would be to use the light from the home star to accelerate .
 the light   to accelerate  

 Lunar module pilot Alan Bean , flying in the right seat as the CSM systems engineer , remembered the SCE switch from a training incident a year earlier when the same failure had been simulated .
 the same failure   had been simulated  

 While courts have specifically made clear certain instances which have succeeded or failed to meet the nebulous threshold for materiality , the topic remains unresolved in large part , except in certain legal areas where intent manifests Perjury in an abundantly clear fashion , such as with the so-called perjury trap , a specific situation in which a prosecutor calls a person to testify before a grand jury with the intent of drawing a perjurious statement from the person being questioned .
 clear certain instances   have succeeded  

 Federal sites were divided into five security levels ranging from Level 1 ( minimum security needs ) to Level 5 ( maximum ) .
 minimum security   needs  

 Germanicus himself managed to survive by reaching the lands of Chauci , who provided him with a safe haven .
 Germanicus   managed to survive  

 An interpretation of a claim by zoologist Clive Bromhall is that `` Mongoloid races are explained in terms of being the most extreme pedomorphic humans '' .
 Mongoloid races   are explained  

 Super Bowl XLIV , slated for February 7 , 2010 , was withdrawn from New York City 's proposed West Side Stadium , because the city , state , and proposed tenants New York Jets could not agree on funding .
 proposed   the city , state  

 Although progress on the reactor design at Metallurgical Laboratory and DuPont was not sufficiently advanced to accurately predict the scope of Manhattan Project , a start was made in April 1943 on facilities for an estimated 25,000 workers , half of whom were expected to live on-site .
 half of whom   were expected  

 When the Amin regime was collapsing , John Akii-Bua fled to Kenya with John Akii-Bua family , fearful that John Akii-Bua would be seen as a collaborator ; this was more likely because John Akii-Bua was a member of the Langi tribe , many of whom were persecuted by Amin , whereas Akii-Bua was cited by Amin as an example of a Langi who was doing well .
 the Amin regime   was collapsing  

 When John still refused to come , Philip declared John in breach of John, King of England feudal responsibilities , reassigned all of John 's lands that fell under the French crown to Arthur -- with the exception of Normandy , which John, King of England took back for John, King of England -- and began a fresh war against John .
 John   to come  

 Singer 's most comprehensive work , Practical Ethics ( 1979 ) , analyzes in detail why and how living beings ' interests should be weighed .
 living beings ' interests   should be weighed  

 Matthew continues with a request for debts to be forgiven in the same manner as people have forgiven those who have debts against them .
 a request for debts   to be forgiven  

 Julius Caesar is the first historical Roman to be officially deified .
 the first historical Roman   to be officially deified  

 In the structure shown at right , the two pentagons are the cyclopentadienyl anions with circles inside them indicating Metallocene are aromatically stabilized .
 Metallocene   are aromatically stabilized  

 ; Tuan Jim ( Lord Jim , 1900 ) , having inadvertently precipitated a massacre of Joseph Conrad adoptive community , deliberately walks to Joseph Conrad death at the hands of the community 's leader ; in Conrad 's 1901 short story , `` Amy Foster '' , a Pole transplanted to England , Yanko Goorall ( an English transliteration of the Polish Janko Góral , `` Johnny Highlander '' ) , falls ill and , suffering from a fever , raves in Joseph Conrad native language , frightening Joseph Conrad wife Amy , who flees : next morning Yanko dies of heart failure , and it transpires that Joseph Conrad had simply been asking in Polish for water ; Captain Whalley ( The End of the Tether , 1902 ) , betrayed by failing eyesight and an unscrupulous partner , drowns Joseph Conrad ; Gian ' Battista Fidanza , the eponymous respected Italian-immigrant Nostromo ( Italian : `` Our Man '' ) of the novel Nostromo ( 1904 ) , illicitly obtains a treasure of silver mined in the South American country of `` Costaguana '' and is shot dead due to mistaken identity ; Mr. Verloc , The Secret Agent ( 1906 ) of divided loyalties , attempts a bombing , to be blamed on terrorists , that accidentally kills Joseph Conrad mentally defective brother-in-law Stevie , and Verloc himself is killed by his distraught wife , who drowns herself by jumping overboard from a channel steamer ; in Chance ( 1913 ) , Roderick Anthony , a sailing-ship captain , and benefactor and husband of Flora de Barral , becomes the target of a poisoning attempt by her jealous disgraced financier father who , when detected , swallows the poison himself and dies ( some years later , Captain Anthony drowns at sea ) ; in Victory ( 1915 ) , Lena is shot dead by Jones , who had meant to kill his accomplice Ricardo and later succeeds in doing so , then himself perishes along with another accomplice , after which Lena 's protector Axel Heyst sets fire to his bungalow and dies beside Lena 's body .
 frightening Joseph Conrad wife Amy   flees  

 John Coltrane 's style , which Reich has described as `` playing a lot of notes to very few harmonies '' , also had an impact ; of particular interest was the album Africa/Brass , which `` was basically a half-an-hour in F. '' Reich 's influence from jazz includes its roots , also , from the West African music Steve Reich studied in Steve Reich readings and visit to Ghana .
 of particular interest   was  

 Languages that use syllabic writing include Mycenaean Greek ( Linear B ) , the North American language Cherokee , the African language Vai , the English-based creole Ndyuka written with the Afaka script , Yi language and formerly Nü Shu for the language of the Yao people in China .
 the English-based creole Ndyuka   written  

 In 1972 Andrew Fisher was honoured on a postage stamp bearing Andrew Fisher portrait issued by Australia Post .
 a postage stamp   bearing  

 When a time limit is interrupted , Statute of limitations is restarted ( like hitting `` Reset '' on a stopwatch ) .
 a time limit   is interrupted  

 There has also been concern expressed regarding RFID technology being introduced to Loyalty program .
 concern   expressed  

 Great Barrier Reef development history is complex ; after Queensland drifted into tropical waters , it was largely influenced by reef growth and decline as sea level changed .
 sea level   changed  

 The film as released opens with a dedication : To the memory of those who made us laugh : the motley mountebanks , the clowns , the buffoons , in all times and in all nations , whose efforts have lightened our burden a little , this picture is affectionately dedicated.This was originally intended to be spoken by Sullivan .
 The film   as released  

 Her task is to hypnotize both Superman and Catwoman , using Catwoman to steal ransom money from Killer Croc after the original plan is interrupted by Batman while Superman serves as a ` bodyguard ' when she hides in Metropolis .
 Superman   serves  

 Robert Gray also booted four goals for Port Adelaide Football Club , in just his third match Round 15 saw the Power trashing the premiers West Coast by 91 points , their biggest win that year .
 Robert Gray   booted  

 Numerous reports surfaced of coercive measures used to achieve the desired results of the one-child policy .
 Numerous reports   surfaced  

 Novae are thought to occur on the surface of a white dwarf star in a binary system .
 Novae   are thought  

 If a clot is large enough to block one or both femoral arteries , there may be hind leg paralysis because the major source of blood flow to the hind leg is blocked .
 the major source of blood flow to the hind leg   is blocked  

 The new , largely conservative House was on much better terms with Bismarck than previous bodies ; at the Minister-President 's request , it retroactively approved the budgets of the past four years , which had been implemented without parliamentary consent .
 the budgets of the past four years   had been implemented  

 The old method of censorship had been limited by the Second Statute of Repeal , and with Mary 's increasing unpopularity the existing system was unable to cope with the number of critical works being printed .
 critical works   being printed  

 In Canto X Circle 6 ( `` Where the heretics lie '' ) of Dante 's Inferno , Epicurus and Epicurus followers are criticized for supporting a materialistic ideal when they are mentioned to have been condemned to the Circle of Heresy .
 they   are mentioned  

 Louis XIV of France supporters , however , distinguish the state , which was impoverished , from France , which was not .
 France   was not  

 This can be improved using an algorithm known as `` Normalized Iteration Count '' , which provides a smooth transition of colors between iterations .
 This   can be improved  

 Johnson 's efforts to win the world heavyweight title were thwarted , as world heavyweight champion James J. Jeffries refused to face Jack Johnson (boxer) then .
 Johnson 's efforts   were thwarted  

 COBOL , for example , is commonly used for business applications that typically run on mainframe and midrange computers , whereas Fortran is used in science and engineering .
 business applications   typically run  

 Morin ( 1999 ) states that a couple has a very good chance of adjusting to nonexclusivity if at least some of the following conditions exist : According to Shernoff , if the matter is discussed with a third party , such as a therapist , the task of the therapist is to : In The Ethical Slut , Dossie Easton and Janet Hardy ( writing as ` Catherine Liszt ' ) described an argument against polyamory which posits that when one 's love is divided among multiple partners , the love is lessened .
 the task of the therapist   is  

 John Keats 's `` Endymion '' opens with a festival dedicated to Pan (god) where a stanzaic hymn is sung in praise of him .
 John Keats 's `` Endymion   opens  

 The eastern half of the former Millionaires ' Quarter , including Stüler 's Matthiaskirche , would have been totally eradicated .
 The eastern half of the former Millionaires ' Quarter , including Stüler 's Matthiaskirche   eradicated  

 Isis responded by transforming Iphis into a man .
 Isis   responded  

 On 8 April 2013 , a demo of the program running on OS X was shown at NAB , coinciding with the announcement of a public Beta release of version 11.1 for Linux scheduled for 30 April 2013 .
 the program   running  

 Scott Joplin version of `` The Entertainer '' reached number 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 and the American Top 40 music chart on May 18 , 1974 , prompting The New York Times to write , `` the whole nation has begun to take notice '' .
 the whole nation   has begun  

 For example , a large , shallow lake with a height of 3 m exerts Pressure that the 6 m-tall small , deep pond does .
 deep pond   does  

 Notary Boisguillaume later testified that at the moment the court heard this reply , `` Those who were interrogating Joan of Arc were stupefied '' .
 Those who were interrogating Joan of Arc   were stupefied  

 Specifically the protein BMP4 appears to be involved .
 BMP4   appears  

 The two major ways Thunderstorm move are via advection of the wind and propagation along outflow boundaries towards sources of greater heat and moisture .
 The two major ways   move  

 Two letters of the word `` Nile '' are crossed out and Frohne suggests that , `` The letters that are wiped out and scribbled over perhaps reflect the acts of historians who have conveniently forgotten that Egyptians were black and blacks were enslaved '' .
 Two letters of the word   are crossed out  

 The solution chosen is to switch the electrical system from Swedish 15 kV , 16.7 Hz to Danish 25 kV , 50 Hz before the eastern bridgehead at Lernacken in Sweden .
 The solution   chosen  

 Heinrich Himmler 's speech at the Posen Conference of October 6 , 1943 , for the first time , clearly elucidated to all assembled leaders of the Reich that the `` Final Solution '' meant that `` all Jews would be killed '' .
 all Jews   would be killed  

 The `` style '' of this repeating detail depends on the region of the set being examined .
 the set   being examined  

 Edward Elgar last large-scale composition of the war years was The Fringes of the Fleet , settings of verses by Rudyard Kipling , performed with great popular success around the country , until Kipling for unexplained reasons objected to their performance in theatres .
 Rudyard Kipling   performed  

 Private funding started in the 1940s and in 1950 , an organization called Conciertos Guadalajara, Jalisco A. C. was formed to continue fundraising for the orchestra .
 Jalisco A. C.   was formed  

 When the Achaean ships reached the beach of Troy , no one would jump ashore , since there was an oracle that the first Achaean to jump on Trojan soil would die .
 the first Achaean   would die  

 Sword was not until the development of stronger alloys such as steel , and improved heat treatment processes that longswords became practical for combat .
 improved heat treatment processes   longswords  

 Furthermore , the applied vertex transform is to be accounted , as well topology information specific to the system being evaluated as post-transform caching can introduce consistent variations in the expected results .
 the system   being evaluated  

 The Logos pervades the cosmos , whereby all thoughts and all things originate , or as Heraclitus said : `` He who hears not me but the Logos will say : All is one '' .
 Heraclitus   said  

 San Marino 's hope to escape further involvement was shattered on 27 July 1944 when Major Gunther , commander of the German forces in Forlì , delivered a letter from German headquarters in Ferrara to San Marino 's government declaring that the country 's sovereignty could not be respected if , in view of military requirements , the necessity of transit of troops and vehicles arose .
 the country 's sovereignty   could not be respected  

 Although the practical outcome of the Curia Regis of 1188 is still disputed , Castile and León charter seems to be an early movement towards the rule of constitutional law , much like the Magna Carta .
 Castile and León charter   seems  

 Ancient Greek notation appears to have fallen out of use around the time of the Decline of the Roman Empire .
 Ancient Greek notation   appears  

 This even extends to grammar , where for example Latin noun declensions ending in - um often correspond to Lithuanian language - ų .
 Latin noun declensions   ending  

 This means , in some cases , non-Britons from nations with Civil union will have greater rights in the UK than in their native countries .
 This   means  

 Believing that more attention should be given to the message of the scriptures rather than to ceremony and worship , the Lollards denounced the doctrines of the Church such as transubstantiation , exorcism , pilgrimages , and blessings , believing these led to an emphasis on Church ritual rather than the Bible .
 believing these led to an emphasis on Church   ritual  

 While Shakespeare 's play was written only a few years afterwards Honigman questions the view that ben Messaoud himself was a significant influence on it .
 Shakespeare 's play   was written  

 The parameters of the model are calculated ( `` identified '' ) while the controller Control theory is running : in this way , if a drastic variation of the parameters ensues ( for example , if the robot 's arm releases a weight ) , the controller will adjust Control theory consequently in order to ensure the correct performance .
 the controller Control theory   is running  

 On the other hand , the response of Jews towards the `` Judeo-Christian '' concept has been mixed .
 the response of Jews towards the `` Judeo-Christian '' concept   has been mixed  

 Therefore , the acquisition of sign language seems to have the same developmental track that is seen in hearing children acquiring spoken language .
 the acquisition of sign language   seems  

 In reply , the Prophet said : `` They lie , Aaron bade thee remain for the sake of what Aaron had left behind Aaron .
 Aaron bade thee   remain  

 In this example , if no red marbles are selected the jar representing the new generation contains only blue offspring .
 no red marbles   are selected  

 Polyamory ( from Greek , meaning `` many '' or `` several '' , and Latin , `` love '' ) is the practice , desire , or acceptance of having more than one intimate relationship at a time with the knowledge and consent of everyone involved .
 Polyamory ( from Greek   meaning  

 Various History -- for the most part preserved only in an abridged form -- is Aelian 's other well-known work , a miscellany of anecdotes and biographical sketches , lists , pithy maxims , and descriptions of natural wonders and strange local customs , in 14 books , with many surprises for the cultural historian and the mythographer , anecdotes about the famous Greek philosophers , poets , historians , and playwrights and myths instructively retold .
 the famous Greek philosophers , poets , historians , and playwrights and myths   instructively retold  

 At the end of May , Pedro Martínez was 5 -- 1 with a 2.50 ERA , with 88 strikeouts and 17 walks and 44 hits allowed in 76 innings ; Martínez 's record was worse than it could have been , with the Mets bullpen costing Pedro Martínez two victories .
 it   could have been  

 Parabola means `` application '' , referring to `` application of areas '' concept , that has a connection with this curve , as Apollonius had proved .
 Apollonius   had proved  

 Superman replies , `` This is my home '' , and leaves .
 This   leaves  

 Persistence of vision is the phenomenon of the eye by which an afterimage is thought to persist for approximately one twenty-fifth of a second on the retina .
 an afterimage   is thought  

 Peter Duesberg early work on cancer included being the first to identify the oncogene v-src from the genome of Rous sarcoma virus , a chicken virus believed to trigger tumor growth .
 a chicken virus   believed  

 If the number of dies -- the integrated circuits that will eventually become chips -- etched on a wafer exceeds a failure threshold ( i.e. too many failed dies on one wafer ) , the wafer is scrapped rather than investing in further processing .
 the wafer   is scrapped  

 Starring the voices of Sumi Shimamoto , Yōji Matsuda , Iemasa Kayumi , Gorō Naya and Yoshiko Sakakibara , this was the first film both written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki .
 the first film   written  

 This definition is commonly used in English style guides for writing , where the terms attributive and adjective are frequently treated as synonyms , because attributive phrases are typically hyphenated , whereas predicative phrases generally are not , despite both modifying a noun .
 the terms   attributive  

 When the concept of the DC multiverse began to take hold , Lex Luthor red-haired incarnation was rewritten as Alexei Luthor , Lex 's counterpart from the Earth-Two parallel universe .
 the concept of the DC multiverse   began  

 \ endcases For example , This result comes from the theory of Lucas sequences , which are used in primality testing .
 \   endcases  

 Shrinking demand and tough competition started a shakeout in the market in the early 1970s -- RCA sold out to UNIVAC and GE also left ; in the 1980s Honeywell was bought out by Bull ; UNIVAC became a division of Sperry , which later merged with Burroughs to form Unisys Corporation in 1986 .
 RCA   also left  

 Therefore , Diffie -- Hellman key exchange by Diffie–Hellman key exchange trivially achieves perfect forward secrecy because no long-term private keying material exists to be disclosed .
 no long-term private keying material   exists  

 Second , the Hebrew source texts used for Septuagint differed from the Masoretic tradition of Hebrew texts , which was chosen as canonical by the Jewish rabbis .
 the Hebrew source texts   differed  

 Miracles From Agriculture ( 1960 ) from the USDA presents then supermarkets as the showplaces of agriculture , discussing methods of improvement in the growing , handling , processing , and shipping of food products and the cooperative assistance offered by agricultural and food-processing research centers ; Propaganda film also hypothesizes that a nation grows according to the productivity of its agriculture .
 a nation   grows  

 Later Athamas became enamored of and married Ino , the daughter of Cadmus .
 Athamas   enamored  

 If two players with equal ratings play against each other , Elo rating system are expected to score an equal number of wins .
 Elo rating system   are expected  

 Osama bin Laden wrote that the tatarrus doctrine `` needs to be revisited based on the modern-day context and clear boundaries established '' .
 the tatarrus doctrine   to be revisited  

 Only Mammoth molars are known , which show Mammoth had 8-10 enamel ridges .
 Only Mammoth molars   are known  

 The condition that exists when the organization 's parts interact to produce a joint effect that is greater than Synergy of the parts acting alone .
 the parts   acting alone  

 The various belligerent Governments , unable , or too timid or too short-sighted to secure from loans or taxes the resources Stagflation required , have printed notes for the balance '' .
 Stagflation   required  

 Many SATA/II hard drives sold today support NCQ , while no removable ( CD/DVD ) drives do because the ATAPI command set used to control them prohibits queued operations .
 drives   do  

 Los Angeles class submarine is a class of nuclear-powered fast attack submarines that forms the backbone of the U.S. Navy 's submarine force , with 62 submarines of this class being completed .
 this class   being completed  

 Evidence also exists that certain Macedonian Slavs , particularly those in the northern regions , considered themselves as Serbs , on the other hand the intention to join Greece predominated in southern Macedonia where it was supported by substantial part of the Slavic population .
 Evidence   exists  

 In 2005 , Charles `` Champ '' Walker and the We Feel Good Committee went before the County commission and received approval to change Augusta 's slogan to `` We Feel Good '' .
 the We   Feel  

 The reason alleged is that the two brothers showed impatience at Meribah ( Kadesh ) in the last year of the desert pilgrimage ( Numbers 20:12 -13 ) , when Moses brought water out of a rock to quench the thirst of the people .
 The reason   alleged  

 An on-unit may be terminated with a GO TO preventing a return to the point of interrupt .
 An on-unit   may be terminated  

 Some historians argue that the award caused Britain to incur disproportionate losses in defending Malta , as British credibility would have suffered if Malta surrendered , as Singapore had .
 British credibility   would have suffered  

 Desiderius Erasmus seems to have regarded the latter as trifling , a leisure activity .
 Desiderius Erasmus   seems  

 When Cyrus learned that a Greek force in high fighting condition was so near Asia , Clearchus of Sparta sent ambassadors with money ( 10,000 Persian darics ) asking Clearchus to help Clearchus of Sparta claim the throne from Clearchus of Sparta brother , the Persian Emperor Artaxerxes II Mnemon .
 a Greek force in high fighting condition   was  

 Christina replied tactfully , knowing that the Council would not permit the queen mother any leave .
 Christina   replied tactfully  

 One of Sappho 's poems ( Fragment 31 ) was famously translated by the 1st-century BCE Roman poet Catullus in his `` Ille mi par esse deo videtur '' ( `` He seems to Sappho to be equal to a god '' ) ( Catullus 51 ) .
 He   seems  

 Ligand are viewed as Lewis bases , although rare cases are known involving Lewis acidic `` ligand '' .
 rare cases   are known  

 \ left ( \ fracx -- 2p \ right ) = \ begincases 1 & \ mboxif p \ nmid x \ \ 0 & \ mboxif p \ mid x. \ endcases \ left ( \ frac-1p \ right ) = ( -1 ) -- \ tfracp-12 = \ begincases \ ;\ ;\ ,1 \ mbox if p \ equiv 1 \ pmod4 \ \ -1 \ mbox if p \ equiv 3 \ pmod4 .
 1 & \ mboxif p   nmid  

 As English orthography happens , these different pronunciations of - ⟨ ed ⟩ can be predicted by a few phonological rules , but that is not the reason why English orthography spelling is fixed .
 English orthography   happens  

 Senegal is named after the Sénégal River , the etymology of which is contested .
 the etymology of which   is contested  

 If the hull were raised in the traditional way , there was no guarantee that Mary Rose would have enough structural strength to hold together out of water .
 the hull   were raised  

 Many New Age spiritual seekers travel to Peru to work with ayahuasqueros , shamans who engage in the ritual use of ayahuasca , a psychedelic tea which has been documented to cure everything from depression to addiction .
 a psychedelic tea   has been documented  

 Today , an estimated 59 % of Malaysia remains forested .
 an estimated 59 % of Malaysia   forested  

 Under STV , an elector has a single vote that is initially allocated to his or her most preferred candidate , and then , as the count proceeds and candidates are either elected or eliminated , is transferred to other candidates according to the voter 's stated preferences , in proportion to any surplus or discarded votes .
 the count proceeds and candidates   eliminated  

 To show the derivation clearly , we propose that the stress should be on the penultimate syllable , the second half of the word being pronounced like `` ptosis '' ( with the `` p '' silent ) , which comes from the same root `` to fall '' , and is already used to describe the drooping of the upper eyelid '' .
 the word   being pronounced  

 Although references are made referring to Slavs in Macedonia being identified as Bulgarians , some scholars suggest that ethnicity in Medieval times was more fluid than what we see it to be today , an understanding derived from nineteenth century nationalistic ideals of a homogeneous nation-state .
 references   are made  

 These formats were developed by enthusiast Marc Rushton , the founder of one of the largest enthusiast organizations known as Mobile Electronics Australia A stock car audio system refers to the OEM application that the vehicle 's manufacturer specified to be installed when the car was built .
 the car   was built  

 The first Earth-like extrasolar planet to be discovered within Astrobiology star 's habitable zone is Gliese 581 c , which was found using radial velocity .
 Gliese 581 c   was found  

 Rosenthal suggests that Mather might have had guilty feelings -- feigned or not -- for choosing not to restrain the judges during the trial , though Cotton Mather was in the best position to do so .
 guilty feelings   feigned  

 A key feature of this term seems to be a friendship with Allen Ginsberg .
 A key feature of this term   seems  

 To a God Unknown follows the life of a homesteader and John Steinbeck family in California , depicting a character with a primal and pagan worship of the land John Steinbeck works .
 John Steinbeck   works  

 Sanjaya narrates each incident of the Kurukshetra War , fought in 18 days , as and when Mahabharata happened .
 Mahabharata   happened  

 Unsure of how the council would rule , John Calvin hinted in a sermon on 3 September 1553 that John Calvin might be dismissed by the authorities .
 the council   would rule  

 The International League for Human Rights ( ILHR ) awards an annual Carl von Ossietzky Medal `` to honor citizens or initiatives that promote basic human rights '' .
 The International League for Human Rights   awards  

 Still others blend elements of both and there is also a Scottish influence on the dialects - while the Scottish came in smaller numbers than the English and Irish , they had a large influence on Newfoundland society .
 the Scottish   came  

 Another ancient earth creature that had to be overcome was the dragon Pytho , or Python , which lived in a cleft of the mother-rock beneath Delphi and beside the Castalian Spring .
 Another ancient earth creature   to be overcome  

 To read Lute , a musician must know the instrument 's tuning , number of strings , etc. Renaissance and Baroque forms of lute music are similar to keyboard music of the periods .
 a musician   must know  

 Of those interpretations that fit , however , Dworkin maintains that the correct interpretation is the one that puts the political practices of the community in their best light , or makes of them the best that Jurisprudence can be .
 Jurisprudence   can be  

 What turned the sinking into a major tragedy in terms of lives lost was the anti-boarding netting that covered the upper decks in the waist ( the midsection of the ship ) and the sterncastle .
 lives   lost  

 Michael Douglas went on to produce the film of the same name with Saul Zaentz .
 Michael Douglas   went on  

 McVeigh added more explosives to the driver 's side of the cargo bay , which he could ignite ( killing himself in the process ) at close range with his Glock 21 pistol in case the primary fuses failed .
 the primary fuses   failed  

 Worldwide 0.05 -- 2 % of people are estimated to have anaphylaxis at some point in their life and rates appear to be increasing .
 Worldwide 0.05 -- 2 % of people are estimated to have anaphylaxis at some point in their life and rates   to be increasing  

 History of Senegal is an empire built on military conquest in spite of what the word `` empire '' implies .
 the word   implies  

 On the first night while laying siege to Siege , the leader of the Mongol forces would lead from a white tent : if Siege surrendered , all would be spared .
 Siege   surrendered  

 The percentage improvement in speed can be calculated as John L. Gustafson pointed out in 1988 what is now known as Gustafson 's Law : people typically are not interested in solving a fixed problem in the shortest possible period of time , as Amdahl 's Law describes , but rather in solving the largest possible problem ( e.g. , the most accurate possible approximation ) in a fixed `` reasonable '' amount of time .
 The percentage improvement in speed   can be calculated  

 The Codex has , `` We must do the works of him who sent us in place of other manuscripts ' ` sent me ' while Codex Sinaiticus is day ; night comes , when no man can work '' .
 night   comes  

 Socialism reasoned that the equilibrium value of commodities approximated to prices charged by the producer when those commodities were in elastic supply , and that these producer prices corresponded to the embodied labour -- the cost of the labour ( essentially the wages paid ) that was required to produce the commodities .
 Socialism   reasoned  

 The level of purification can be monitored using various types of gel electrophoresis if the desired protein 's molecular weight and isoelectric point are known , by spectroscopy if Protein has distinguishable spectroscopic features , or by enzyme assays if Protein has enzymatic activity .
 the desired protein 's molecular weight and isoelectric point   are known  

 The Band Wagon is a 1953 musical comedy film that many critics rank , along with Singin ' in the Rain , as the finest of the MGM musicals , although The Band Wagon was only a modest box-office success .
 a 1953 musical comedy film   rank  

 Viral induction of apoptosis occurs when one or several cells of a living organism is infected with a virus leading to cell death .
 a virus   leading  

 Outgoing leader of the Liberal Democrats , Paddy Ashdown , had put forward the suggestion shortly before John Cleese stepped down , with the idea that Cleese would take the party whip and sit as a working peer , but the actor quipped that John Cleese `` realised this involved being in England in the winter and John Cleese thought that was too much of a price to pay '' .
 a price   to pay  

 Diefenbaker asked ministers supporting John Diefenbaker to stand , and when only about half did , stated that John Diefenbaker was going to see the Governor General to resign , and that Fleming would be the next Prime Minister .
 only about half   did  

 Beginning with the 600th overall issue ( Aug. 2009 ) , Captain America resumed Captain America original numbering , as if the series numbering had continued uninterrupted after 454 .
 the series numbering   had continued uninterrupted  

 The current is circumpolar due to the lack of any landmass connecting with Antarctica and this keeps warm ocean waters away from Antarctica , enabling that continent to maintain Antarctic Circumpolar Current huge ice sheet .
 any landmass   connecting  

 Among the tracks on The Paul Simon Songbook that were rerecorded ( some with electric backing ) for Sound of Silence were `` I Am a Rock '' ( which as a single reached U.S. No. 3 in the summer of 1966 ) , `` Leaves That Are Green '' , `` April Come She Will '' , `` A Most Peculiar Man '' , and `` Kathy 's Song '' .
 the tracks on The Paul Simon Songbook   were rerecorded  

 And the personality that comes through in the music is English '' .
 the personality   comes  

 Finally , Class action avoids the situation where different court rulings could create `` incompatible standards '' of conduct for the defendant to follow .
 the defendant   to follow  

 Genesis-and-destruction , as Parmenides emphasizes , is a false opinion , because to be means to be completely , once and for all .
 Parmenides   emphasizes  

 If two air masses of different temperatures or densities meet , the resulting pressure difference caused by the density difference ( which causes wind ) is highest within the transition zone .
 two air masses of different temperatures or densities   meet  

 Although Chomsky 's theory of a generative grammar has been enormously influential in the field of linguistics since the 1950s , many criticisms of the basic assumptions of generative theory have been put forth by cognitive-functional linguistics , who argue that language structure is created through language use .
 language structure   is created  

 Inside the bulb , on a low friction spindle , is a rotor with several ( usually four ) vertical lightweight metal vanes spaced equally around the axis.When exposed to sunlight , artificial light , or infrared radiation ( even the heat of a hand nearby can be enough ) , the vanes turn with no apparent motive power , the dark sides retreating from the radiation source and the light sides advancing .
 the light sides   advancing  

 The base of Silurian is set at a major extinction event when 60 % of marine species were wiped out .
 60 % of marine species   were wiped out  

 With civil war looming , the magnates of the realm met in council to hammer out a compromise .
 civil war   looming  

 Marx Brothers were also included in AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Stars list of the most significant screen legends , the only performers to be inducted collectively .
 the only performers   to be inducted collectively  

 Through Reagan 's resourcefulness and remarkable industry , he had his department assembled , organized and in operation before the other Presidential cabinet members had their departments fully operational .
 his department   assembled  

 Similarly , if the United Nations Commission on Narcotic Drugs adds or transfers Controlled Substances Act to a Schedule established by the Convention on Psychotropic Substances , so that current U.S. regulations on the drug do not meet the treaty 's requirements , the Secretary is required to issue a recommendation on how Controlled Substances Act should be scheduled under the CSA .
 the United Nations Commission on Narcotic Drugs   adds  

 The Northwest Campus is the least developed area of the main campus , made up primarily of farm fields and an environmental reserve , which divides the Northwest Campus from the North Campus .
 the least developed area of the main campus   made up  

 Since the wall material is used to hold the weight , as the wall expands in size , Skyscraper must hold considerably more weight .
 the wall   expands  

 According to Schippers ( 2011 ) , where Kristeva departs from Lacan is in Julia Kristeva belief that even after entering the symbolic , the subject continues to oscillate between the semiotic and the symbolic .
 the subject   to oscillate  

 Both Segovia and Miguel Llobet ( who taught Segovia several of Andrés Segovia transcriptions of Granados ' piano works ) plucked the strings with a combination of Andrés Segovia fingernails and fingertips , producing a sharper sound than many of Andrés Segovia contemporaries .
 several of Andrés Segovia transcriptions of Granados ' piano   works  

 Lansbury went on to star in the TV series Murder , She Wrote as Jessica Fletcher , a mystery novelist who also solves crimes .
 Lansbury   went on  

 As a guest photographer for a magazine series called `` They Shoot New York , '' Drew Barrymore appeared on the cover holding a Pentax K1000 film camera .
 a magazine series   called  

 Chinese documents confirm at least two missions to India , initiated in 647 AD , to obtain technology for sugar-refining .
 at least two missions to India   initiated  

 If investigations confirm NSCLC , the stage must be reassessed to determine whether the disease is localized and amenable to surgery or whether Lung cancer has spread to the point where Lung cancer can not be cured surgically .
 the disease   to surgery  

 The court scheduled an evidence suppression hearing , at which Lindh would have been able to testify about the details of the torture to which John Walker Lindh claimed John Walker Lindh was subjected .
 John Walker Lindh   was subjected  

 Tunisia 's President , Habib Bourguiba , has in all probability never been hostile to the Jews , but there was always that notorious `` delay '' , which meant that the police arrived on the scene only after the shops had been pillaged and burnt .
 the shops   had been pillaged  

 Once the lex causae has been selected , Conflict of laws will be respected except when it appears to contravene an overriding mandatory rule of the lex fori .
 the lex causae   has been selected  

 On January 17 , 2008 , a Brazilian federal court order prohibiting all sales of Counter-Strike and EverQuest and imposing the immediate withdrawal of these from all stores began to be enforced .
 a Brazilian federal court order prohibiting all sales of Counter-Strike and EverQuest and imposing the immediate withdrawal of these from all stores   to be enforced  

 In 1949 , Foster Hewitt wrote a juvenile hockey novel , He Shoots , he scores !
 He   Shoots  

 Matilda of Tuscany is believed to have commissioned the renowned Ponte della Maddalena where the Via Francigena crosses the river Serchio at Borgo a Mozzano just north of Lucca .
 Matilda of Tuscany   is believed  

 According to Barbara A. West , `` The Samoans were also known to engage in ` headhunting , ' a ritual of war in which a warrior took the head of his slain opponent to give to his leader , thus proving his bravery '' .
 The Samoans   were also known  

 Many died , including 60,000 of the 130,000 relocated Cherokee , intermarried and accompanying European-Americans , and the 2,000 African-American free blacks and slaves owned by the Cherokee they took with them .
 Many   died  

 The Uralic-Samoyedics were an old people of the Sayan-Baikal region , migrated northwest around the 1st/2nd century AD .
 an old people of the Sayan-Baikal region   migrated northwest  

 In expert system technology , the knowledge base is expressed with natural language rules IF ... THEN ... For examples : This formulation has the advantage of speaking in everyday language which is very rare in computer science ( a classic program is coded ) .
 a classic program   is coded  

 During this performance something occurs on stage that does not translate into audio , but causes the audience to break into hysterics upon Cleese 's follow-up line `` Now that 's what I call a dead parrot '' ; since Dead Parrot sketch occurs after the part of the sketch where Cleese bashes the dead bird on the counter , Dead Parrot sketch 's possible a part of the prop broke off .
 Dead Parrot sketch 's possible a part of the prop   broke off  

 Pappus of Alexandria stated that Archimedes had written a manuscript ( now lost ) on the construction of these mechanisms entitled .
 a manuscript ( now lost   entitled  

 The First Mistress , Yuru ( Jin Shuyuan ) , appears to be nearly as old as the master himself .
 The First Mistress , Yuru ( Jin Shuyuan   appears  

 Charge referencing is performed by adding or subtracting a `` Charge Correction Factor '' to each of the experimentally measured BEs .
 Charge referencing   by adding  

 The Magpies , who had been the most successful club in Australia , started to be the laughing stock of the state because Port Adelaide Football Club were being thrashed week-in , week-out , while Centrals were enjoying envied success , winning eight of the next ten SANFL premierships , and becoming the first team to appear in all of the Grand Finals in a decade .
 The Magpies , who had been the most successful club in Australia   started  

 A sail can be used only where Solar sail temperature is kept within Solar sail material limits .
 A sail   can be used  

 Although references are made referring to Slavs in Macedonia being identified as Bulgarians , some scholars suggest that ethnicity in Medieval times was more fluid than what we see it to be today , an understanding derived from nineteenth century nationalistic ideals of a homogeneous nation-state .
 we   see  

 The reaction of superoxide with non-radicals is spin forbidden .
 The reaction of superoxide with non-radicals   forbidden  

 Finney is the only actor to receive an Academy Award nomination for playing Hercule Poirot , though he did not win .
 he   did not win  

 The three basic environmental principles that the Basic Environmental Law follows are `` the blessings of Environmental law should be enjoyed by the present generation and succeeded to the future generations , a sustainable society should be created where environmental loads by human activities are minimized , and Japan should contribute actively to global environmental conservation through international cooperation '' .
 environmental loads by human activities   are minimized  

 Those extras , called The Beat Goes On , include rare and unseen footage of Abbie Hoffman , Timothy Leary , Paul Krassner , Allen Ginsberg , William S. Burroughs , Gregory Corso , Gary Snyder , Steve Allen , Ann Charters , Michael McClure , Robert Creeley , Herbert Huncke , Carolyn Cassady , Paul Gleason , John Clellon Holmes , Edie Jack Kerouac Parker , Jan Jack Kerouac , William F. Buckley , Jr. , and Father Spike Morissette .
 The Beat   Goes On  

 In diamond , the carbons are in sp3 hybrid orbitals , which means they form a framework where each carbon is covalently bonded to three neighbours in a tetrahedral fashion ; on the other hand , graphite is composed of sheets of carbons in sp2 hybrid orbitals , where each carbon is bonded covalently to only two others .
 each carbon   is covalently bonded  

 John Wycliffe predecessor in a like case was John Owtred , a monk who formulated the statement that Saint Peter had united in John Wycliffe hands spiritual and temporal power -- the opposite of what Wycliffe taught .
 Wycliffe   taught  

 The unfolding and folding of the wings is operated by muscles attached to the wing base ; as long as the tension on the radial and cubital veins remains , the wings remain straight .
 the tension on the radial and cubital veins   remains  

 A codification of the exact obligations of the Gentiles in the spirit of the classical Shulchan Aruch was needed .
 A codification of the exact obligations of the Gentiles in the spirit of the classical Shulchan Aruch   was needed  

 Scientists do not agree on how much sleep debt it is possible to accumulate ; whether Sleep is accumulated against an individual 's average sleep or some other benchmark ; nor on whether the prevalence of sleep debt among adults has changed appreciably in the industrialized world in recent decades .
 Scientists   do not agree  

 Meanwhile , Creedy pressures Susan to appear in public , in an attempt to leave him exposed , with Creedy hoping to accelerate his plans for a takeover .
 him   exposed  

 The distinctive cooking technique is grilling , as the ranch culture promoted outdoor cooking done by men .
 The distinctive cooking technique   is grilling  

 Earl Warren was a more liberal justice than anyone had anticipated .
 anyone   had anticipated  

 A defense lawyer raising the defense of laches against a motion for injunctive relief ( a form of equitable relief ) might argue that the plaintiff comes `` waltzing in at the eleventh hour '' when it is now too late to grant the relief sought , at least not without causing great harm that the plaintiff could have avoided .
 the plaintiff   could have avoided  

 In all cases the witnesses could not be describing a missile approaching an intact aircraft , as the plane had already exploded before their observations began .
 their observations   began  

 The Catholic Encyclopedia entry on Predestination says , : '' ... God , owing to His infallible prescience of the future , has appointed and ordained from eternity all events occurring in time , especially those that directly proceed from , or at least are influenced by , man 's free will '' .
 The Catholic Encyclopedia entry on Predestination   says  

 Although the Andalusian population was not declining in absolute terms , these relative losses were due to emigration great enough to nearly counterbalance having the highest birth rate in Spain .
 the Andalusian population   was not declining  

 If so , we have nothing to do : finished Otherwise : Wait until the lift is idle Go to the required floor Release the memory we used to remember the floor number Memory leak would occur if the floor number requested is the same floor that the lift is on ; the condition for releasing Memory leak would be skipped .
 the floor number Memory leak   would occur  

 The Executive Office of the President of the United States ( EOP ) issued a request for proposal for a computer system to replace the aging Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) budget system , using Alto-like workstations , connected to an IBM-compatible mainframe .
 Alto-like workstations   connected  

 This requires some retconning -- Spenser (character) stopped making reference to his military service in the Korean War as an eighteen-year-old , as he did in the first novels -- although in 2006 's Hundred Dollar Baby Spenser mentions being on `` R and R '' in Japan before going back to the war , although exactly which war is not made clear .
 Hundred Dollar Baby Spenser   being  

 The plot of Under Western Eyes ( completed 1910 ) is kicked off by the assassination of a brutal Russian government minister , modeled after the real-life 1904 assassination of Russian Minister of the Interior Vyacheslav von Plehve .
 The plot of Under Western Eyes   completed  

 Edison Diamond Disc Records were made by recording directly onto the wax master disc .
 Edison Diamond Disc Records   were made  

 `` Edmund Burke regret to say there is '' , Burke said ; `` Edmund Burke have indeed made a great sacrifice ; Edmund Burke have done Edmund Burke duty though Edmund Burke have lost Edmund Burke friend .
 Burke   said  

 Both Einstein 's and Reynolds 's forces appear to cause Crookes radiometer to rotate , although it still is n't clear which one is stronger .
 Both Einstein 's and Reynolds 's forces   appear  

 The design of the Pepsiman character is attributed to Canadian comic book artist Travis Charest , created sometime around the mid-1990s .
 Canadian comic book artist Travis Charest   created  

 The Deer Hunter was about how individuals respond to pressure : different men reacting quite differently .
 different men   reacting quite differently  

 This included John Chilembwe ; taken and educated in the USA by a missionary family .
 John Chilembwe   taken  

 In 1962 Nasir sent gunboats from Malé with government police on board to eliminate elements opposed to his rule .
 elements   opposed  

 There is a class of cross site attacks that depend on certain behaviour of intercepting proxies that do not check or have access to information about the original ( intercepted ) destination .
 proxies   do not check  

 The first conscription act in North America authorizing Davis to draft soldiers was said to be the `` essence of military despotism '' .
 The first conscription act in North America   was said  

 James Brown had allegedly joined the band after one of the group 's members , Troy Collins , was killed .
 Troy Collins   was killed  

 Farmer himself penned a number of crossover fiction stories and novels set in what is now termed Wold Newton family ; not all characters in Farmer 's Wold Newton fiction are core members of Wold Newton family , but all are linked into the larger WNU via connections with Farmer 's primary Wold Newton Family works , Tarzan Alive and Doc Savage : His Apocalyptic Life .
 all   are linked  

 Use of Polygon in Real-time imagery : The imaging system calls up the structure of polygons needed for the scene to be created from the database .
 polygons   needed  

 Edinburgh Castle is run and administered , for the most part , by Historic Scotland , an executive agency of the Scottish Government , although some parts of Edinburgh Castle are managed by the Army .
 Edinburgh Castle   administered  

 Very small stars provide so little heat and warmth that only planets in very close orbits around them would not be frozen solid , and in such close orbits these planets would be tidally `` locked '' to the star .
 Very small stars   provide  

 These markets involve numerous variables and human emotions which may be impossible to deterministically characterize , thus expert systems based on the rules of thumb from experts and simulation data are used .
 expert systems based on the rules of thumb from experts and simulation data   are used  

 A review of ET measurement techniques for estimating the water requirements of urban landscape vegetation could be seen Evapotranspiration ( PET ) is the amount of water that would be evaporated and transpired if there were sufficient water available .
 the amount of water   transpired  

 Sometimes , the yarns being plied are fed at different rates , so that one yarn loops around the other , as in bouclé .
 the yarns   being plied  

 Although the Liberal Mackenzie King was reluctant to proceed , in part because of opposition to the project in Quebec , in 1932 the two countries signed a treaty .
 the Liberal Mackenzie King   to proceed  

 Those ligature glyphs with Unicode codepoints may be inserted manually , but are not recognized by Microsoft Word for what they are , breaking spell checking , while custom ligatures present in the font are not accessible at all .
 they   are  

 His reasoning for this is twofold : First , a failed check-raise gives other players the chance to see free cards that may improve their hand ; second , Check-raise makes Check-raise obvious to other players that you potentially have a very strong hand .
 His reasoning for this   is twofold  

 Jerome 's version of the Life of St Anthony the Great , the hermit monk of Egypt , written by Athanasius of Alexandria , was widely disseminated in the Middle Ages ; it relates Anthony 's encounter with Centaur , who challenged the saint but was forced to admit that the old gods had been overthrown .
 the old gods   had been overthrown  

 Of the several figures on the Augustan Ara Pacis , one doubles as a portrait of the Empress Livia , who wears Ceres (mythology) ' corona spicea .
 one   doubles  

 When this happens , substantial trial costs can be saved when the parties to a dispute agree to a settlement .
 this   happens  

 If the associativity axiom of Semigroup is dropped , the result is a magma , which is nothing more than a set M equipped with a binary operation M & times ; M → M. Generalizing in a different direction , an n-ary semigroup ( also n-semigroup , polyadic semigroup or multiary semigroup ) is a generalization of a semigroup to a set G with a n-ary operation instead of a binary operation .
 the associativity axiom of Semigroup   is dropped  

 The sarcophagus is oriented with Jadwiga 's feet pointing west , unlike all the other sarcophagi in the cathedral .
 The sarcophagus   is oriented  

 Reviews varied at the time and since but whatever the critique , the play represents Cocteau 's state of mind and feelings towards Jean Cocteau actors at the time : on the one hand , Jean Cocteau wanted to spoil and please them ; on the other , Jean Cocteau was fed up by their diva antics and was ready for revenge .
 Jean Cocteau   wanted to spoil  

 Nevertheless she is at pains to stress the differences between The Chronicles of Narnia and her world : `` The Chronicles of Narnia is literally a different world '' , she says , `` whereas in the Harry books you go into a world within a world that you can see if you happen to belong .
 you   happen  

 The famous Moroccan traveller Ibn Batutta , who visited Maldives in the 14th century , wrote how a Moroccan , one Abu Barakat the Berber , was believed to have been responsible for spreading Islam in the islands .
 a Moroccan , one Abu Barakat   was believed  

 Esotericism , given all Esotericism varied forms and Esotericism inherently multidimensional nature , can not be conveyed without going beyond purely historical information : at minimum , the study of esotericism , and in particular mysticism , requires some degree of imaginative participation in what one is studying '' .
 what one   is studying  

 It is not known how far Marcus ' writings were circulated after Marcus Aurelius death .
 It   is not known  

 When the malted grain is mashed , the amylase converts the remaining starches into sugars .
 the malted grain   is mashed  

 Formal discussions for a spring offensive near Arras began following a conference of corps commanders held at British First Army Headquarters on 21 November 1916 .
 Formal discussions for a spring offensive near Arras   began  

 This was done by the scientists employed by the Charcot Marie Tooth Association ( CMTA ) Two mutations were identified in a gene , SH3TC2 , known to cause CMT .
 a gene   known  

 Some think that there are some qualities of language acquisition that the human brain is automatically wired for ( a `` nature '' component ) and some that are shaped by the particular language environment in which a person is raised ( a `` nurture '' component ) .
 the human brain   is automatically wired  

 Civil Rights leader Andrew Young comments that part of the book 's effectiveness is that To Kill a Mockingbird `` inspires hope in the midst of chaos and confusion '' and by using racial epithets portrays the reality of the times in which To Kill a Mockingbird was set .
 the reality of the times   was set  

 In 2001 the work force was 1,005,200 with 884,200 employed , meaning 12.1 percent of the work force were out of work .
 884,200   employed  

 H. J. Mozans , whose biography of Sophie Germain `` is inaccurate and the notes and bibliography are unreliable '' , but is nevertheless interesting , quotes the mathematician Claude-Louis Navier as saying , `` it is a work which few men are able to read and which only one woman was able to write '' .
 few men   to read  

 In industry , a flourishing tradition in fine ivory carving was ended ; however , improved ironworking techniques were introduced .
 improved ironworking techniques   were introduced  

 Jet stream paths typically have a meandering shape ; jet streams may start , stop , split into two or more parts , combine into one stream , or flow in various directions including the opposite direction of most of the jet .
 jet streams   may start  

 Henry Christeen Warnack in the Los Angeles Times was troubled by the depiction of The Christ and wrote that the film `` is not daring , Civilization (film) is only poor taste '' .
 the film   is not daring  

 In doing so , Margaret Mead found the rituals of the Episcopal Church to fit the expression of religion Margaret Mead was seeking .
 the rituals of the Episcopal Church   to fit  

 This merger was ridiculed by many who believed that the two corporate cultures could not possibly mesh ; one of Netscape most prominent critics was longtime Netscape developer Jamie Zawinski .
 the two corporate cultures   could not possibly mesh  

 Although radiometric dating requires very careful laboratory work , Paleontology basic principle is simple : the rates at which various radioactive elements decay are known , and so the ratio of the radioactive element to the element into which Paleontology decays shows how long ago the radioactive element was incorporated into the rock .
 various radioactive elements decay   are known  

 Such systems have ( in the classical limit ) an infinite number of normal modes and their oscillations occur in the form of waves that can characteristically propagate .
 waves   can characteristically propagate  

 Also , unlike the other two programs , the principle that the national government should contribute a portion of the underwriting cost , with the other two portions prorated accordingly , was accepted without question .
 the principle that the national government should contribute a portion of the underwriting cost   was accepted  

 Central pontine myelinolysis occurs as a consequence of a rapid rise in serum tonicity following treatment in individuals with chronic , severe hyponatraemia who have made intracellular adaptations to the prevailing hypotonicity .
 Central pontine myelinolysis   occurs  

 Overdrive units created with transistors , much like tube amps , produce `` clean '' sounds at quieter volumes and distorted `` warm '' sounds at louder volumes , compared to the `` harsh '' or `` gritty '' sound of simple transistor distortion .
 Overdrive units   created  

 The Australian film industry continues to produce a reasonable number of films each year , but in common with other English-speaking countries , Australia has often found Cinema of Australia difficult to compete with the American film industry , the latter helped by having a much larger home market .
 The Australian film industry   continues  

 Initially , Henry refused to see Beatrice , but eventually he had Matilda of Tuscany imprisoned in rough conditions ; the young Frederick was treated more appropriately , but he died in Henry 's custody nonetheless ( the rumours that he was murdered are baseless ) .
 the rumours   was murdered  

 Archaeological excavations in the 1950s and 1960s uncovered remains from many periods , in particular , a complex of Crusader fortifications and a Roman theatre .
 the 1950s and 1960s   uncovered  

 Magnification of the image is achieved by displaying the data from scanning a physically small sample area on a relatively large screen .
 Magnification of the image   is achieved  

 The mob then attacked the houses of Brutus and Cassius , where they were repelled only with considerable difficulty , ultimately providing the spark for the Liberators ' civil war , fulfilling at least in part Antony 's threat against the aristocrats .
 they   were repelled  

 Once this threshold is reached a signal is passed along the axon of the neuron into the spinal cord .
 this threshold   is reached  

 Trends in the Antarctic Oscillation have been hypothesized to account for an increase in the transport of the Circumpolar Current over the past two decades .
 Trends in the Antarctic Oscillation   have been hypothesized  

 Predestination is a theological stance stemming from the writings and teachings of Jacobus Arminius , after whom Arminianism is named .
 Arminianism   is named  

 No coalition was formed , however the pressure from Labour brought about productive change by Deakin : Andrew Fisher agreed to a royal commission into the post office , old-age pensions were to be provided from the surplus revenue fund and # 250,000 set aside for ships for an Australian Navy .
 No coalition   was formed  

 Before the beginning of principal photography began , Deeley had a meeting with the film 's appointed line producer Robert Relyea .
 the beginning of principal photography   began  

 In a class of superconductors known as type II superconductors , including all known high-temperature superconductors , an extremely small amount of resistivity appears at temperatures not too far below the nominal Superconductivity transition when an electric current is applied in conjunction with a strong magnetic field , which may be caused by the electric current .
 an electric current   is applied  

 Since the brightly lit face is practically framed with various much darker elements ( hair , veil , shadows ) , the observer 's attraction to Mona Lisa is brought to even greater extent .
 the brightly lit face   is practically framed  

 What Stephen King saw was an image of what Stephen King studio would look like if Stephen King died , providing a seed for Stephen King novel Lisey 's Story .
 Stephen King   saw  

 Cat Stevens 'd been searching , been on the road '' .
 Cat Stevens   'd been searching  

 The message is encrypted using a symmetric encryption algorithm , which requires a symmetric key .
 The message   is encrypted  

 Some of the names given in these texts are Aramaic , while others are the first attestations of Ancient North Arabian dialects .
 the first attestations of Ancient North Arabian   dialects  

 After Twin Peaks , they produced a series of documentaries titled American Chronicles ( 1990 ) which examined life across the United States , the comedy series On the Air ( 1992 ) , which was cancelled after only three episodes had aired , and the three-episode HBO mini-series Hotel Room ( 1993 ) about events that happened in the same hotel room but at different dates in time .
 only three episodes   had aired  

 Joe Orton sold the film rights for # 25,000 although Joe Orton was certain it would flop .
 it   would flop  

 The Port of Singapore , managed by port operators PSA International and Jurong Port , was the world 's second-busiest port in 2005 in terms of shipping tonnage handled , at 1.15 billion gross tons , and in terms of containerised traffic , at 23.2 million twenty-foot equivalent units ( TEUs ) .
 shipping tonnage   handled  

 The image of a continuous , injective function from R2 to higher-dimensional Rn is said to be Surface .
 The image of a continuous , injective function from R2 to higher-dimensional Rn   is said  

 The stadium got Super Bowl name from the fact that the game played there was part of the Tournament of Roses and that it was shaped like a bowl , much like the Yale Bowl in New Haven , Connecticut ; the Tournament of Roses football game itself eventually came to be known as the Rose Bowl Game .
 the game   played  

 Mike is the no-nonsense , serious but unassuming leader , Steven the loving , near-groom , pecked at by his mother for not wearing a scarf with his tuxedo and Nick is the quiet , introspective man who loves hunting because , he likes '' ... the trees ... the way the trees are ... '' The recurring theme of `` one shot '' , which is how Mike prefers to take down a deer , is introduced .
 he   likes  

 One great circle with one corner point added , produces a monogon or henagon .
 one corner point   added  

 Stuart began probing the Union lines with more artillery barrages , which were answered with `` murderous '' counterbattery fire and the cavalry movement intended by Jackson was never launched .
 the Union lines with more artillery barrages   was never launched  

 The age of Olive , the Finix Olive is claimed to be over 2,000 years old , this estimate is based on archaeological evidence around Olive .
 The age of Olive   is claimed  

 The wedding guests hold a makeshift trial for Curly , at Aunt Eller 's urging , as the couple is due to leave for their honeymoon .
 Aunt Eller 's   urging  

 Although reuptake of Ca2 + by the ER ( concomitant with Mitochondrion release ) modulates the intensity of the puffs , thus insulating mitochondria to a certain degree from high Ca2 + exposure , the MAM often serves as a firewall that essentially buffers Ca2 + puffs by acting as a sink into which free ions released into the cytosol can be funneled .
 a sink into which free ions released into the cytosol   can be funneled  

 The Torah ( Pentateuch in Greek ) always maintained Septuagint pre-eminence as the basis of the canon ; but the collection of prophetic writings , based on the Jewish Nevi'im , had various hagiographical works incorporated into Septuagint .
 Septuagint   pre-eminence  

 They would have diverged roughly at the same time from cyprinids of east-central Asia , perhaps as a result of the Alpide orogeny that vastly changed the topography of that region in the late Paleogene , when their divergence presumably occurred .
 their divergence   presumably occurred  

 Nevertheless , Potsdamer Platz exact position showed that the platz was starting to be opened out : the former hotel had mostly stood on a large flagged area laid out in front of Potsdamer Platz , indicating that the new building curved away from the existing street line ; this would have enabled future street widening to take place .
 the platz   to be opened out  

 Although Loyalty program can be used for general merchandise , the program is specifically targeted to be redeemed at the restaurant chain located inside each location .
 the program   to be redeemed  

 A particularly dangerous form of slow earthquake is the tsunami earthquake , observed where the relatively low felt intensities , caused by the slow propagation speed of some great earthquakes , fail to alert the population of the neighbouring coast , as in the 1896 Meiji-Sanriku earthquake .
 the tsunami earthquake   observed  

 The first form of life to develop on the Earth were microbes , and Nature remained the only form of life on the planet until about a billion years ago when multi-cellular organisms began to appear .
 multi-cellular organisms   began  

 This dramatically increased the rate of detection compared with earlier visual methods : Wolf alone discovered 248 Asteroid , beginning with 323 Brucia , whereas only slightly more than 300 had been discovered up to that point .
 only slightly more than 300   had been discovered up  

 This is in contrast to run-time generics seen in other languages ( e.g. , Java ) where at compile-time the type is erased and a single template body is preserved .
 a single template body   is preserved  

 I did n't think a good town marshal was going to run around town like a chicken with his head cut off asking everyone to help .
 everyone   to help  

 The history of Mass media can be traced back to the days when dramas were performed in various ancient cultures .
 The history of Mass media   can be traced back  

 As Donald Creighton ( who penned a two-volume biography of Macdonald in the 1950s ) wrote , `` law was a broad , well-trodden path to comfort , influence , even to power '' .
 Donald Creighton ( who penned a two-volume biography of Macdonald in the 1950s   wrote  

 The epithet parthénos , whose origin is also unclear , meant `` maiden , girl '' , but also `` virgin , unmarried woman '' and was especially used for Artemis , the goddess of wild animals , the hunt , and vegetation , and for Athena , the goddess of strategy and tactics , handicraft , and practical reason .
 The epithet   parthénos  

 Additionally the remarkably low price for which Daimler-Benz had been allowed to secure their plot had prompted questions from the Berlin Auditor-General 's office and the European Union in Brussels , after which Daimler-Benz were billed for an additional sum .
 Daimler-Benz   had been allowed  

 The Friends of Highgate Cemetery Trust was set up in 1975 and acquired the freehold of both East and West Cemeteries by 1981 , since when they have had responsibility for the maintenance of the location .
 The Friends of Highgate Cemetery Trust   was set up  

 The struggle for power continued with Queen Fredegund of Neustria ( the widow of King Chilperic I ( reigned 566-584 ) and the mother of the new king Clotaire II ( reigned 584-628 ) ) unleashing a bitter war .
 I   reigned  

 In the last quarter of the Twentieth Century the belief that government ( ruling in accordance with the interests of the people ) ought to directly involve Left-wing politics in the day to day workings of an economy declined in popularity amongst the center left , especially social-democrats who became influenced by ` third way ' ideology .
 the center   left  

 The production is `` sparing on furniture and heavy on shadows '' , with `` a scaled-down orchestra at lugubriously slowed-down tempos ... '' He goes on to write that `` this somber , less-is-more approach could be effective were the ensemble plugged into the same rueful sensibility .
 He   goes on  

 metre has the symbol m ) , except that symbols for units named after persons are written with an initial capital letter ( e.g. , the hertz has the uppercase symbol Hz ) .
 symbols for units   are written  

 These 3 universities are currently forming a PRES ( a university consortium ) , which is planned to soon become a single university : the University of Southern France , Montpellier .
 a PRES   is planned  

 For example , the Jerusalem Bible Foreword says , '' ... only when this ( the Masoretic Text ) presents insuperable difficulties have emendations or other versions , such as the ... LXX , been used '' .
 the ... LXX   been used  

 As Earl Warren served before the amendment was passed , Earl Warren was not prohibited from serving another term .
 the amendment   was passed  

 Out of over 200 remaining remnants of Sappho poetry , Fragment 16 and Fragment 44 in particular are considered lyric retellings of Homer epics , as Sappho was known to be very familiar with Homer 's poems .
 Sappho   was known  

 Historically , one of the first topics in physics where statistical methods were applied was the field of mechanics , which is concerned with the motion of particles or objects when subjected to a force .
 statistical methods   were applied  

 Like most 32-bit environments , OS/2 could not run protected-mode DOS programs using the older VCPI interface , unlike the Standard mode of Windows 3.1 ; OS/2 only supported programs written according to DPMI .
 OS/2 only supported programs   written  

 Most liqueurs have a lower alcohol content ( 15 -- 30 % ABV ) than spirits , but some contain as much as 55 % ABV .
 some   contain  

 When recess ended the girls ran inside .
 recess   ended  

 The Committee noted that research had found the health risks of MDMA were less serious than previously assumed ( citing the 2009 UK ACMD report ) , and so they considered moving MDMA out of the Dutch List I ( ` hard drugs ' ) to List II ( ` soft drugs ' such as cannabis ) , but this was not acceptable because the criminal black market would continue to produce all the MDMA .
 the criminal black market   would continue  

 Many Canadians , including the staff of the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in St. Marys , Ontario , claim that this was the first documented game of modern baseball , although there appears to be no evidence that the rules used in this game were codified and adopted in other regions .
 there   appears  

 The treatise On the Resurrection , of which extensive fragments are preserved in the Sacra parallela , is not so generally accepted .
 The treatise On the Resurrection   so generally accepted  

 Priority queue provide an analogy to help one understand what a priority queue is .
 a priority queue   is  

 Scholar and music theorist Isidore of Seville , writing in the early 7th century , considered that `` unless sounds are held by the memory of man , Musical notation perish , because Musical notation can not be written down '' .
 Isidore of Seville   considered  

 There Albuquerque was described as `` a man of middle stature , with a long face , fresh colored , the nose somewhat large .
 a man of middle stature , with a long face   colored  

 In the 1890s , when Oklahoma was formally surveyed using more accurate surveying equipment and techniques , it was discovered that the Texas line was not set along the 103rd Meridian .
 Oklahoma   was formally surveyed  

 The media in general seem to have an interest in scare stories about illicit drugs , though there are some exceptions ( Horizon , 2008 ) .
 The media in general   seem  

 Because the Allied deception measures had confused the Axis as to Second Battle of El Alamein likely point of attack , Rommel departed from his usual practice of holding his armoured strength in a single concentrated reserve and split Second Battle of El Alamein into a northern group ( 15th Panzer and Littorio Divisions ) and a southern group ( 21st Panzer and Ariete Divisions ) , each organised into battle groups in order to be able to make a quick armoured intervention wherever the blow fell and so prevent any narrow breakthroughs from being enlarged .
 the blow   fell  

 A version of the miner 's safety lamp is used , kept alight in the air .
 A version of the miner 's safety lamp   is used  

 As the United States settlers continued to populate its western territory , John Kinzie moved further west .
 the United States settlers   continued  

 Other efforts to make more ` realistic ' current-day battle software led to distractions when simulated hardware did n't align with the real hardware active duty officers knew about .
 the real hardware active duty officers   knew  

 In the October 2011 edition of Rue Morgue , Cronenberg stated that David Cronenberg has written a companion piece to David Cronenberg 1986 remake of The Fly , which David Cronenberg would like to direct if given the chance .
 David Cronenberg   to direct  

 The high operating frequencies were achieved through the technique of deep pipelining ( called super-pipelining at the time ) .
 The high operating frequencies   were achieved  

 Whistler had several illegitimate children , of which Charles Hanson is the best documented .
 Charles Hanson   best documented  

 Prominent examples in the United States include the so-called Little Three , Colby-Bates-Bowdoin , and Little Ivy colleges in New England , the surviving , predominantly female Seven Sisters colleges along the northeastern seaboard , and the Claremont Colleges in Southern California , but similar institutions are found all over the country .
 Prominent examples in the United States   include  

 In a typical thunderstorm , approximately 5 × 108 kg of water vapor are lifted , and the amount of energy released when this condenses is 1015 joules .
 this   condenses  

 At the show trial , six of the defendants were given the death sentence ; for unknown reasons the sentences were not carried out .
 the sentences   were not carried out  

 ( January 3 , 2005 ) In some Continental European countries , such as Austria and Germany , bottled beer cocktails and shandies are available , which are being marketed the same way like Alcopop .
 January 3 , 2005 ) In some Continental European countries , such as Austria and Germany , bottled beer cocktails and shandies are available   are being marketed  

 Two Paulician leaders launched their own rebellion in Thrace , in a brutal religious conflict that was not easily suppressed .
 a brutal religious conflict   was not easily suppressed  

 For example , while the Emperor formally appoints the Prime Minister to office , article 6 of the constitution requires Emperor of Japan to appoint the candidate `` as designated by the Diet '' ( in practice , the candidate designated by the House of Representatives ) , without any right to decline appointment .
 the Prime Minister   to office  

 Stephen King is also often asked why Stephen King writes such terrifying stories and Stephen King answers with another question : `` Why do you assume Stephen King have a choice ?
 Stephen King   answers  

 Allen 's Oscar-winning motion picture Annie Hall ( 1977 ) had McLuhan in a cameo as Marshall McLuhan : a pompous academic arguing with Allen in a cinema queue is silenced by McLuhan suddenly appearing and saying , `` You know nothing of Marshall McLuhan work '' .
 McLuhan   suddenly appearing  

 Having many differences with most of David Lynch work , particularly in that it did not contain any profanities , sexual content or violence , The Straight Story was rated G ( general viewing ) by the Motion Picture Association of America , and as such came as `` shocking news '' to many in the film industry , who were surprised that it `` did not disturb , offend or mystify '' .
 it   mystify  

 This was joined in 1975 by the higher-performance KL10 ( later faster variants ) , which was built from ECL , was microprogrammed , and had cache memory .
 later faster variants ) , which was built from ECL   was microprogrammed  

 Netscape was not until August 2001 that Netscape 6.1 appeared , based on Mozilla 0.9.2 which was significantly more robust .
 Netscape 6.1   appeared  

 Oort noted that the number of returning comets was far less than his model predicted , and this issue , known as `` cometary fading '' , has yet to be resolved .
 his model   predicted  

 Permian also speculate that Permian may have contributed in some way to the separation of Australia from the Antarctic landmass , which were both part of a supercontinent called Gondwana .
 Permian   may have contributed  

 Likewise , propulsion is normally delivered through the submarine 's steam driven main turbines that drive the submarine 's propeller through a reduction gear system .
 propulsion   is normally delivered  

 Rayleigh defined the somewhat arbitrary `` Rayleigh criterion '' that two points whose angular separation is equal to the Airy disk radius ( measured to first null , that is , to the first place where no light is seen ) can be considered to be resolved .
 the somewhat arbitrary `` Rayleigh criterion   to be resolved  

 In February 1960 , the CIA created an unrelated plan to oust Qasim by giving Saddam Hussein a poisoned handkerchief , although it may have been aborted .
 it   may have been aborted  

 Billy Wright (loyalist) was re-arrested , along with a number of UVF operatives in the area on evidence provided by Clifford McKeown , a `` supergrass '' within the movement .
 Billy Wright   was re-arrested  

 As Jim Samson explains , `` Clearly any comparison of medieval and modern modality would recognize that the latter takes place against a background of some three centuries of harmonic tonality , permitting , and in the nineteenth century requiring , a dialogue between modal and diatonic procedure '' ( Samson 1977 , 148 ) .
 the nineteenth century   requiring  

 The second major concern is the correct `` K-factor '' used .
 the correct `` K-factor   used  

 A corruption scandal was uncovered involving Smith and John Poulson , a property developer from Pontefract , West Yorkshire , and both were imprisoned .
 A corruption scandal   was uncovered  

 The best known application of the `` piano roll staff '' is in digital music producing computer software such as Cubase , GarageBand , etc. Piano sheet music ( traditional music notes on the piano roll staff ) have also been printed and published , for the claimed benefit of visual matching of music notes and the piano keys to play .
 Piano sheet music   have also been printed  

 He eventually regains his memory , but not before learning the importance of laughter in the otherwise dreary lives of his fellow prisoners when Sullivan's Travels are allowed to attend a showing of Walt Disney 's Playful Pluto cartoon .
 Sullivan's Travels   are allowed  

 Although Ralph did not want Dale Earnhardt son to follow in Dale Earnhardt footsteps , Earnhardt would not be persuaded to give up Dale Earnhardt dream of racing , dropping out of school to race .
 Dale Earnhardt   to follow  

 Using Legendre symbol , the quadratic reciprocity law can be stated concisely : Many proofs of quadratic reciprocity are based on Legendre 's formula In addition , several alternative expressions for Legendre symbol were devised in order to produce various proofs of the quadratic reciprocity law .
 the quadratic reciprocity law   can be stated concisely  

 Investments from Croatia are expected to continue in the future .
 Investments from Croatia   are expected  

 User interface expert Jef Raskin coined the term `` quasimode '' to describe the state Modifier key enters into when Modifier key is pressed .
 Modifier key   is pressed  

 P/Q voltage-gated calcium channels are also found in the cerebellum , explaining why some experience problems with coordination .
 P/Q voltage-gated calcium channels   explaining  

 Early Roman initiates at Eleusis in Greece included Sulla and Cicero ; thereafter many Emperors were initiated , including Hadrian , who founded an Eleusinian cult centre in Rome Ceres (mythology) .
 thereafter many Emperors   were initiated  

 As a response to the expanded military cooperation the defence proposition of 2009 stated that Sweden will not remain passive if a Nordic country or a member of the European Union were attacked .
 a Nordic country or a member of the European Union   were attacked  

 Office XP introduced the Safe Mode feature , which allows applications such as Outlook to boot when Microsoft Office might otherwise fail .
 Microsoft Office   might otherwise fail  

 A. bisporus contains carcinogens called hydrazines , the most abundant of which is agaritine .
 the most abundant of which   is agaritine  

 While Simon was in England that summer of 1965 , radio stations around Cocoa Beach and Gainesville , Florida , began to receive requests for a song from the album Wednesday Morning , 3 A.M. called `` The Sound of Silence '' .
 radio stations around Cocoa Beach and Gainesville   began  

 Demographics of the Czech Republic also enjoy a number of other rights connected to the status of recognized minority , i.e. the right for education in the own language ( the first Bulgarian school in the nowadays Czech Republic was established in 1946 in Prague ) .
 other rights   connected  

 The Harvard classification had been developed by assigning a different letter to each star based on the strength of the hydrogen spectra line , before the relationship between spectra and temperature was known .
 the relationship between spectra and temperature   was known  

 Cromwell 's long-term religious motive for readmitting the Jews to England should not be doubted , after all Oliver Cromwell was serious enough to ban Christmas as a pagan festival .
 Cromwell 's long-term religious motive for readmitting the Jews to England   should not be doubted  

 The 1846-48 Mexican-American War gave the proposal new steam as the responsibilities of federal government grew .
 the responsibilities of federal government   grew  

 Ultimately , almost all major pieces of marble will be placed in Parthenon , supported as needed by modern materials .
 almost all major pieces of marble   supported  

 While , compared to many other insect groups , fleas have been studied and classified fairly thoroughly , details still remain to be learned about the evolutionary relationships among the different flea lineages .
 fleas   have been studied  

 The remaining 10 defendants sentenced to death were hanged .
 The remaining 10 defendants sentenced to death   were hanged  

 Premarin , a commonly prescribed Estrogen drug produced from the urine of pregnant mares , contains the steroidal Estrogen equilin and equilenin .
 Premarin   contains  

 For the fluid imparting the work on the pump ( i.e. a turbine ) , the work is negative power required to drive Pump is determined by dividing the output power by the pump efficiency .
 negative power   required  

 A more serious problem arose when the magnetic coils started shorting out .
 the magnetic coils   shorting out  

 Selling eight million copies worldwide , Super Mario Kart went on to become Super Mario Kart .
 Super Mario Kart   went on  

 However , recent government initiatives targeting improvements in the road infrastructure , together with private sector participation in railroad and telecommunications , have begun to render the investment environment more attractive .
 recent government initiatives targeting improvements in the road infrastructure , together with private sector participation in railroad and telecommunications   have begun  

 McVeigh added more explosives to the driver 's side of the cargo bay , which he could ignite ( killing himself in the process ) at close range with his Glock 21 pistol in case the primary fuses failed .
 he   could ignite  

 After the liberal fraction of the Communist Party of Slovenia was deposed , expansion of the Slovenian highway network came to a halt .
 the liberal fraction of the Communist Party of Slovenia   was deposed  

 In 2002 the country had 362,099 km of highways , 73,506 km ( 17 % ) of which was paved ( including 239 km of expressways ) .
 73,506 km   was paved  

 Another scene is of the joke being used in open warfare is shown , with Tommies running through an open field amid artillery fire shouting the joke at the Germans , who die laughing in response .
 the Germans   die  

 The expected number of generations for fixation to occur is proportional to the population size , such that fixation is predicted to occur much more rapidly in smaller populations .
 fixation   is predicted  

 Punk subculture , which centres around punk rock music , includes a diverse array of ideologies , fashions and forms of expression , including visual art , dance , literature and film .
 Punk subculture   centres  

 Andrés Segovia can be credited to have dignified the classical guitar as a legitimate concert instrument before the discerning music public , which had hitherto viewed the guitar merely as a limited , if sonorous , parlor instrument .
 Andrés Segovia   can be credited  

 This is just a pop song that they put out in the middle of their career that nobody knows about , but to me Siouxsie and the Banshees sounded like the most current but most futuristic bit of guitar-pop music I 've heard '' .
 nobody   knows  

 Another consequence of this principle is that only those penalties that had already been established for the offence in the time when Nullum crimen, nulla poena sine praevia lege poenali was committed can be imposed .
 only those penalties that had already been established for the offence in the time   was committed  

 By ordering the solids correctly -- octahedron , icosahedron , dodecahedron , tetrahedron , cube -- Johannes Kepler found that the spheres could be placed at intervals corresponding ( within the accuracy limits of available astronomical observations ) to the relative sizes of each planet 's path , assuming the planets circle the Sun .
 intervals   corresponding  

 Manpower available for military service : Males age 16-49 : 31,489 ( 2010 est. ) Manpower fit for military service : Males age 16-49 : 28,518 ; Females age 16-49 : ???
 Manpower available for military service : Males age 16-49 : 31,489 ( 2010 est. ) Manpower   fit  

 Andrei Sakharov was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1975 , although Andrei Sakharov was not allowed to leave the Soviet Union to collect it .
 Andrei Sakharov   was not allowed  

 Employing a good fastball , outstanding control , and , especially , a new pitch Christy Mathewson termed the `` fadeaway '' ( later known in baseball as the `` screwball '' ) , which Christy Mathewson learned from teammate Dave Williams in 1898 , This reference is challenged by Ken Burns documentary Baseball in which it is stated that Mathewson learned Christy Mathewson `` fadeaway '' from Andrew `` Rube '' Foster when New York Giants manager John Joseph McGraw quietly hired Rube to show the Giants bullpen what Christy Mathewson knew .
 Christy Mathewson   knew  

 The most common type of microscope ( and the first invented ) is the optical microscope .
 the first   invented  

 A semantic dispute is a disagreement that arises if the parties involved disagree about whether a particular claim is true , not because Semantic dispute disagree on material facts , but rather because Semantic dispute disagree on the definitions of a word ( or several words ) essential to formulating the claim at issue .
 a disagreement   arises  

 Later , Dax , aware of the reason Roget picked Paris to be executed , appoints Roget to have charge of the executions .
 Paris   to be executed  

 Whereas a biotic stress would include such living disturbances as fungi or harmful insects , abiotic stress factors , or stressors , are naturally occurring , often intangible , factors such as intense sunlight or wind that may cause harm to the plants and animals in the area affected .
 the area   affected  

 A 2002 randomized controlled UK university study of 93 people with clinically confirmed idiopathic Parkinson 's disease found that participants who received Alexander technique lessons reported sustained improvements in their physical functioning , as well as reporting themselves to be less depressed and to have improved attitudes towards themselves .
 Alexander technique lessons   reported  

 Nitsche agrees that pre-recorded ( `` reel '' ) machinima tends to be linear and offers limited interactive storytelling ; he sees more opportunities in machinima performed live and with audience interaction .
 more opportunities in machinima performed   live  

 Paul Cézanne , however , returned to Provence to live ; Hortense and Paul Cézanne junior , to Paris .
 to live   Paul Cézanne  

 The logographer Hellanicus of Lesbos wrote an earlier work titled Atlantis , of which only a few fragments survive .
 only a few fragments   survive  

 President Roosevelt instructed Groves that if the atomic bombs were ready before the war with Germany ended , he should be ready to drop them on Germany .
 the war with Germany   ended  

 The film pays a great deal of attention to Shatner 's interviews with Stewart at Patrick Stewart home in Oxfordshire as well as at a Star Trek Convention in Las Vegas , Nevada ; Stewart reveals the fear and personal failings that came along with Patrick Stewart tenure as a Starfleet captain , but also the great triumphs Patrick Stewart believes accompanied Patrick Stewart role as Captain Jean-Luc Picard .
 Patrick Stewart   believes  

 Several accounts of the sinking have been preserved that describe the incident but the only confirmed eyewitness account is the testimony of a surviving Flemish crewman written down by the Holy Roman Emperor 's ambassador François van der Delft in a letter dated .
 a letter   dated  

 This white iris , displayed against a red background , became the symbol of Florence until the Medici family , to signal a change in political power , reversed the colors making the white one red and setting in motion a centuries-long breeding program to hybridize Iris (plant) .
 the colors   making  

 Roger James says he had always viewed the Power as a new club `` I understand Port 's background but as far as I 'm concerned the Power was started from scratch , has only been in the ( AFL ) competition for 11 years and was made up of players from every SANFL club , to me , Port Adelaide Football Club heritage goes back to 1997 and that 's why I question the decision to wear a Magpies jumper '' .
 I   'm concerned  

 The Madchester scene of the 1980s , from which groups including The Stone Roses , the Happy Mondays , Inspiral Carpets , 808 State , James and The Charlatans emerged , was based on clubs such as The Haçienda .
 groups including The Stone Roses , the Happy Mondays , Inspiral Carpets   emerged  

 When Ceres (mythology) was re-sealed , the spirits returned to the realms of the dead .
 Ceres   was re-sealed  

 The rumor went that Laertes bought Odysseus from the conniving king .
 The rumor   went  

 Aside from ensuring efficient accident prevention practices , Pareto principle also ensures hazards are addressed in an economical order as the technique ensures the resources used are best used to prevent the most accidents .
 the resources   used  

 On April 6 , 2007 the chief judge of the case dismissed the charges because they had been incorrectly filed .
 they   had been incorrectly filed  

 Colorado would go on to receive the highest draft pick in Avalanche history , third overall .
 Colorado   would go on  

 This was not `` copyright '' as is normally understood ; although there was a monopoly on the right to copy , this was available to publishers , not authors , and did not exist by default ; Statute of Anne only applied to books which had been accepted and published by the Company .
 books   had been accepted  

 As permanently mounted arrays in the deep ocean were utilised , Sonar were in very quiet conditions so long ranges could be achieved .
 permanently mounted arrays in the deep ocean   were utilised  

 The brief allusion to the Judgement in the Iliad ( 24.25 -- 30 ) shows that the episode initiating all the subsequent action was already familiar to Judgement of Paris audience ; a fuller version was told in the Cypria , a lost work of the Epic Cycle , of which only fragments ( and a reliable summary ) remain .
 only fragments ( and a reliable summary   remain  

 In the elections , which saw Israel 's lowest-ever voter turnout of 64 % ( the number usually averages on the high 70 % ) , Kadima , headed by Olmert , received the most Knesset seats , followed by Labor .
 the most Knesset seats   followed  

 In chapter 21 of The Murder of Roger Ackroyd , for example , Hercule Poirot talks about a mentally disabled nephew : this proves to be a ruse so that he can find out about homes for the mentally unfit , and in Dumb Witness , Hercule Poirot tells of an elderly invalid mother as a pretence to investigate the local nurses .
 this   proves  

 Tompkins praised the style so many other critics had dismissed , writing that sentimental novels showed how women 's emotions had the power to change the world for the better .
 so many other critics   had dismissed  

 Claims that Calendula old Saxon or Anglo-Saxon name is ` ymbglidegold ' are unsubstantiated , as is the claim that this means ` Calendula turns with the sun ' .
 Calendula   turns  

 By now , Second Battle of El Alamein had become obvious to Rommel that the battle was lost .
 the battle   was lost  

 Point of view shot is a short film scene that shows what a character ( the subject ) is looking at ( represented through the camera ) .
 a character   is looking  

 When a hydrophone/transducer receives a specific interrogation signal Sonar responds by transmitting a specific reply signal .
 Sonar   responds  

 The original `` A '' was destroyed by vandals in 1952 with pipe bombs and a new `` A '' , constructed of reinforced concrete , was built in 1955 .
 a new `` A   constructed  

 While coming to terms with who Cotton Mather was , Mather read Robert Boyle 's book `` The Usefulness of Experimental Natural Philosophy '' .
 Cotton Mather   was  

 The habit of assembling Edward Elgar compositions , even large-scale ones , from scraps of themes jotted down randomly remained throughout Edward Elgar life .
 scraps of themes   jotted down randomly  

 In the Spanish language the word is the diminutive form of the word macho , which means male or strong and was used to refer to sledgehammers .
 the word macho   means  

 The Panchavimsha Brahmana ( at 25.15.3 ) enumerates the officiant priests of a sarpasattra among whom the names Dhrtarashtra and Janamejaya , two main characters of the Mahabharatas sarpasattra , as well as Takshaka , the name of a snake in Mahabharata , occur .
 two main characters of the Mahabharatas sarpasattra , as well as Takshaka   occur  

 The racer with the highest number of points after all five races have been completed wins the cup .
 all five races   have been completed  

 Tom Maguire opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty , and apart from saying `` Níl '' ( `` No '' in English ) when the vote was called , did not participate in any substantial way in the Dáil treaty debates .
 the vote   was called  

 This is because it is still possible for the signal to take on an indefinitely large number of different voltage levels on each symbol pulse , with each slightly different level being assigned a different meaning or bit sequence .
 each slightly different level   being assigned  

 Soon after Macdonald was called to the Bar in February 1836 , John A. Macdonald arranged to take in two students ; both became , like Macdonald , Fathers of Confederation .
 both   became  

 Microsoft Office PowerPoint Viewer is a program used to run presentations on computers that do not have Microsoft PowerPoint installed .
 Microsoft PowerPoint   installed  

 Since the agreement , sixteen enterprises were privatized , twelve partially privatized , and twenty liquidated .
 privatized   twelve  

 As had been expected , the allotted ministerial positions were significantly reduced in numbers , with only 18 administrative posts unveiled versus the previous government 's bloated 39 portfolios .
 only 18 administrative posts   unveiled  

 A 2003 survey by Radio Times found that Last of the Summer Wine was the programme readers most wanted to see cancelled .
 the programme readers   cancelled  

 In 1901 , Stone set up a workshop in Gardner , Massachusetts which operated under Arthur J. Stone name until its sale in 1937 to Henry Heywood .
 Gardner   operated  

 Neil Kinnock went on to become the Vice-President of the European Commission under Romano Prodi from 1999 to 2004 .
 Neil Kinnock   went on  

 The court determines the right to jury based on all claims by all parties involved .
 all parties   involved  

 228Ac is used as an indicator of radioactivity in chemical research , as Actinide emits high-energy electrons ( 2.18 MeV ) that can be easily detected .
 high-energy electrons   can be easily detected  

 This exclusive right 's length was dependent on when the book had been published .
 the book   had been published  

 In Metallocene names , the prefix before the - ocene ending indicates what metallic element is between the Cp groups .
 metallic element   is  

 With the situation in Afghanistan deteriorating , and the Soviet leadership looking for ways to withdraw , Mikhail Gorbachev wanted Karmal to resign as PDPA General Secretary .
 the Soviet leadership   looking for ways to withdraw  

 In the United Kingdom , the sign means that the national speed limit for an area applies ( 30 mph in built-up areas , 60 mph on open roads , 70 mph on motorways ) .
 the national speed limit for an area   applies  

 Luthor warns them not to try such a tactic again , as he will turn them into his next morbid experiment if Lex Luthor do .
 Lex Luthor   do  

 By 1850 , Parliament had enacted several statutes on a case-by-case basis to deal with issues regularly faced by certain types of organizations , like joint-stock companies , and with the impetus for most types of group litigation removed , Class action went into a steep decline in English jurisprudence from which Class action never recovered .
 Class action   never recovered  

 Of the 50 handguns listed in the Anthony Roll , the complete stocks of five matchlock muskets and fragments of another eleven have been found .
 the complete stocks of five matchlock muskets and fragments of another eleven   have been found  

 One issue that has been raised is the ability of a jury to fully understand statistical or scientific evidence .
 One issue   has been raised  

 Ammonical liquor which came out as another by-product in the making of gas , was mixed with sulphuric acid , dried and ground to make a powder which was sold as an agricultural fertiliser .
 sulphuric acid   dried  

 Whatever extraterrestrial life may be , Astrobiology tendency to chemically alter Astrobiology environment might just give Astrobiology away .
 extraterrestrial life   may be  

 Hawthorne wrote in the comparative obscurity of what Nathaniel Hawthorne called Nathaniel Hawthorne `` owl 's nest '' in the family home .
 Hawthorne   wrote  

 Some key achievements made since the plan 's initial passing in 2003 were the establishment of the Reef Quality Partnership to set targets , report findings and monitor progress towards targets , improved land condition by landowners was rewarded with extended leases , Water Quality Improvement Plans were created to identify regional targets and identified management changes that needed to be made to reach those targets , Nutrient Management Zones have been created to combat sediment loss in particular areas , education programs have been started to help gather support for sustainable agriculture , changes to land management practices have taken place through the implementation of the Farm Management Systems and codes of practice , the creation of the Queensland Wetland program and other achievements were made to help improve the water quality flowing into the coral reefs .
 improved land condition by landowners   was rewarded  

 In 1958 three exiled Haitians and five Americans invaded Haiti and tried to overthrow François Duvalier ; all the invaders were killed .
 all the invaders   were killed  

 Feeling against Catholics , and especially against James , Duke of York , was running strongly ; the Exclusion Bill had been passed by the House of Commons , and the popularity of James Scott , 1st Duke of Monmouth , was very great .
 Duke of York   was running strongly  

 Manatee is the only animal known to have a vascularized cornea .
 the only animal   known  

 When the radiometer is heated in the absence of a light source , Crookes radiometer turns in the forward direction ( i.e. black sides trailing ) .
 i.e. black sides   trailing  

 July is the warmest month , with average temperature being .
 average temperature   being  

 Some military doctrines call for an ambush to be initiated by a signal from a whistle , though in US practice , whistles are not favored , since Ambush do nothing to inflict damage on the enemy .
 whistles   are not favored  

 The quatrefoils of the dado arcade were painted with scenes of saints and martyrs and inset with painted and gilded glass , emulating Limoges enamels , while rich textiles hangings added to the richness of the interior .
 rich textiles hangings   added  

 Lulach appears to have been a weak king , as Lulach nicknames suggest .
 Lulach   appears  

 Lulach appears to have been a weak king , as Lulach nicknames suggest .
 Lulach nicknames   suggest  

 As one of the earliest of the Church fathers whose works have survived , Clement of Alexandria is the subject of a significant amount of recent academic work , mainly focusing on the relationship between Clement of Alexandria thought and non-Christian philosophy and Clement of Alexandria influence on Origen .
 the Church fathers   have survived  

 It is one of only three segments of I-75 that are tolled , the others being the American half of the International Bridge near Sault Ste.
 I-75   are tolled  

 Pepsi encouraged price-watching consumers to switch , obliquely referring to the Coca-Cola standard of 6.5 ounces per bottle for the price of five cents ( a nickel ) , instead of the 12 ounces Pepsi sold at the same price .
 price-watching consumers   to switch  

 Engineering team led by Yash Terakura created Commodore VIC-20 for Japanese market .
 Engineering team   created  

 Eventually , Cleese asks if Palin has any cheese at all , to which Palin replies `` yes '' .
 Palin   replies  

 The islet on which Sozopol stood is now connected with the mainland by a narrow tongue of land .
 The islet   stood  

 In later times , the Bible describes wives as being given the innermost room ( s ) of the husband 's house , as her own private area to which men were not permitted ; in the case of wealthy husbands , the Bible describes their wives as having each been given an entire house for this purpose .
 men   were not permitted  

 On the other hand , the opinion of Jagić from 1864 is argued not to have firm grounds .
 the opinion of Jagić from 1864   is argued  

 Apollo 1 spread from the left wall of the cabin to the right , with the floor being affected only briefly .
 the floor   being affected only briefly  

 Sappho work is known to have been canonized during the 3rd century BC , at which time papyrus copies were held in the House of the Muses , the library in Alexandria .
 Sappho work   is known  

 Seabee efforts have begun to deter the rising influence of radical terrorists in the southern Philippines , most notably the Abu Sayyaf 's jungle training area .
 Seabee efforts   have begun  

 No Union soldiers were observed to have ever gotten behind Johnston during the fatal charge , while it is known that many Confederates were firing at the Union lines while Johnston charged well in advance of Albert Sidney Johnston soldiers .
 No Union soldiers   were observed  

 While , compared to many other insect groups , fleas have been studied and classified fairly thoroughly , details still remain to be learned about the evolutionary relationships among the different flea lineages .
 fleas   classified fairly thoroughly  

 When war broke out and St. Ignatius College students were evacuated to Welwyn Garden City , George Martin family left London and George Martin was enrolled at Bromley Grammar School .
 war   broke out  

 In 2003 , Johnny Depp told Germany 's Stern magazine , `` America is dumb , is something like a dumb puppy that has big teeth -- that can bite and hurt you , aggressive '' .
 something like a dumb puppy   can bite  

 Set in Yokohama , Hayao Miyazaki story focuses on Umi Matsuzaki , a high school student who is forced to fend for herself when her sailor father goes missing from the seaside town .
 her sailor father   missing  

 Also problematic are the Kuliak languages , which are spoken by hunter-gatherers and appear to retain a non-Nilo-Saharan core ; Blench believes they may have been similar to Hadza or Dahalo and shifted incompletely to Nilo-Saharan languages .
 the Kuliak languages   appear  

 Port Adelaide Magpies also hold 36 SANFL premierships , as well as the four Champion of Australia wins .
 the four Champion of Australia   wins  

 Although producing accurate models remains a challenge when only distantly related template structures are available , Protein has been suggested that sequence alignment is the bottleneck in this process , as quite accurate models can be produced if a `` perfect '' sequence alignment is known .
 a `` perfect '' sequence alignment   is known  

 The drop in the birth rate from 2007 to 2009 is believed to be associated with the Late-2000s recession 8.38 deaths/1 ,000 population ( July 2010 est. ) 13 % of the population was foreign-born in 2009 .
 The drop in the birth rate from 2007 to 2009   is believed  

 Hochhuth 's next play , Soldiers , An obituary for Geneva ( 1967 ) , alleged that Winston Churchill was responsible for the death of the Polish Prime Minister , General Władysław Sikorski , in an airplane crash in 1943 , contradicting the official version of events as an accident , and claiming that General Sikorski had been murdered on Churchill 's orders .
 General Sikorski   had been murdered  

 The first actor hired turned out to be incapable of slapping De Niro in the face .
 The first actor hired   turned out  

 After a difficult two-year recovery , Gould published a column for Discover magazine , entitled , `` The Median Is n't the Message '' , which discusses Stephen Jay Gould reaction to discovering that mesothelioma patients had a median lifespan of only eight months after diagnosis .
 a column for Discover magazine   entitled  

 She learns this after she is contacted using Jimmy 's camera , which can transform into different forms for concealment .
 she   is contacted  

 Whether cannabis use is a contributory cause of schizophrenia , rather than a behavior that is simply associated with Schizophrenia , remains controversial .
 cannabis   use  

 In arithmetic , subtraction is one of the four basic binary operations ; Subtraction is the inverse of addition , meaning that if we start with any number and add any number and then subtract the same number we added , we return to the number we started with .
 we   start  

 Recent biographers accounts vary , although several works that have been published on John Brown (abolitionist) since the opening of the 21st century have marked a significant shift away from the hostility of writers on John Brown (abolitionist) .
 Recent biographers accounts   vary  

 Kraepelin is specifically credited with the classification of what was previously considered to be a unitary concept of psychosis , into two distinct forms ( known as the Kraepelinian dichotomy ) : Drawing on Emil Kraepelin long-term research , and using the criteria of course , outcome and prognosis , Emil Kraepelin developed the concept of dementia praecox , which Emil Kraepelin defined as the `` sub-acute development of a peculiar simple condition of mental weakness occurring at a youthful age '' .
 Kraepelin   is specifically credited  

 A common idea is that a concrete means of computing the values of the function must be known before the function Mathematical logic can be said to exist .
 Mathematical logic   to exist  

 As the Cold War cooled off , new challenges were presented by the increased incidence of terrorism .
 the Cold War   cooled off  

 Knopfler also includes a `` Geordie '' reference in the song `` 5:15 am , '' from the album Shangri-La : `` the bandit man / came up the great north road / up to geordieland / to mine the motherlode '' .
 the bandit man   came up  

 On the other hand , when Donald Mains , a New York City politician , publicly accused Ginsberg of being a member of the Communist Party , Ginsberg objected : `` Allen Ginsberg am not , as a matter of fact , a member of the Communist party , nor am Allen Ginsberg dedicated to the overthrow of the U.S. government or any government by violence ... Allen Ginsberg must say that Allen Ginsberg see little difference between the armed and violent governments both Communist and Capitalist that Allen Ginsberg have observed ... '' Ginsberg travelled to several Communist countries to promote free speech .
 Allen Ginsberg   have observed  

 Desperate , he steps in front of a speeding tank truck , which stops barely in time .
 he   steps  

 When the Catholic and French-speaking Belgians split away from the mainly Calvinist northern Netherlands in the Belgian Revolution of 1830 , the Province of Limburg (Netherlands) was at first almost entirely under Belgian rule .
 the Catholic and French-speaking Belgians   split away  

 For this reason many modernists of the post-war generation felt that Modernism were the most important bulwark against totalitarianism , the `` canary in the coal mine '' , whose repression by a government or other group with supposed authority represented a warning that individual liberties were being threatened .
 individual liberties   were being threatened  

 In the Battle of Posada , the Hungarian army was massacred , King Charles Charles I of Hungary barely escaped by exchanging clothes with one of Charles I of Hungary knights and a plethora of the noblemen who had accompanied Charles I of Hungary were slaughtered .
 I of Hungary   barely escaped  

 Though opposed to the existence of the Federal Reserve , Milton Friedman argued that , given that it does exist , a steady , small expansion of the money supply was the only wise policy .
 it   does exist  

 Geographical factors such as rivers and runoff begins to create the V-shaped valleys between the mountains ( the stage called `` youth '' ) .
 Geographical factors such as rivers and runoff   begins  

 The brains of the `` outfit '' is Hal Kines , who has had plastic surgery so that he looks much younger than he really is , this being how he gets hold of the young women whom he then turns into prostitutes .
 this   being  

 In France , an 1872 law , rescinded only by a 1945 decree , prohibited all army personnel from voting .
 all army personnel   from voting  

 Though very little of the upper deck has survived , Mary Rose has been suggested that Mary Rose housed the main living quarters of the crew underneath the sterncastle .
 very little of the upper deck   has survived  

 The largest lowland is the fertile Danubian Lowland in the southwest , followed by the Eastern Slovak Lowland in the southeast .
 the fertile Danubian Lowland in the southwest   followed  

 This definition is commonly used in English style guides for writing , where the terms attributive and adjective are frequently treated as synonyms , because attributive phrases are typically hyphenated , whereas predicative phrases generally are not , despite both modifying a noun .
 attributive phrases   are typically hyphenated  

 If Statute of limitations are presented after that time , an institution called prescription applies , which prevents them from filing the case .
 prescription   applies  

 However if the need arises to use a nuclear explosive devices to deflect an asteroid , Nuclear weapon may face the legal issue that presently the United Nations Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space , and the 1996 Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty technically bans nuclear weapons in space , leaving no caveats for peaceful uses .
 the need   arises  

 A sequel written and illustrated by Miller , The Dark Knight Strikes Again , was published in 2001 .
 A sequel   written  

 The book was first published in Albania in 2012 with a cover note saying Mein Kampf served as a reminder of what extremism can do .
 extremism   can do  

 It 's not what Steve Ditko 'm like that counts ; it 's what Steve Ditko did and how well it was done ... Steve Ditko produce a product , a comic art story .
 that   counts  

 Finnish markka was replaced by the euro , which had been introduced , in cash form , on 1 January 2002 , after a transitional period of three years when the euro was the official currency but only existed as ` book money ' .
 the euro   had been introduced  

 The woman tasked with casting the extras out in Thailand had much difficulty finding a local to play the vicious individual who runs the Russian roulette game .
 The woman   tasked  

 Only some personal and family letters remain ( by one estimate only 160 out of Austen 's 3,000 letters are extant ) , and Jane Austen sister Cassandra ( to whom most of the letters were originally addressed ) burned `` the greater part '' of the ones Jane Austen kept and censored those Jane Austen did not destroy .
 those Jane Austen   did not destroy  

 The region of the spectrum in which a particular observed electromagnetic radiation falls , is reference frame-dependent ( due to the Doppler shift for light ) , so EM radiation that one observer would say is in one region of Electromagnetic spectrum could appear to an observer moving at a substantial fraction of the speed of light with respect to the first to be in another part of Electromagnetic spectrum .
 an observer   moving  

 Borges 's `` review '' of the work of the fictional Menard uses tongue-in-cheek comparisons to explore the resonances which Don Quixote has picked up over the centuries since it was written .
 it   was written  

 After Richard was overthrown , the act was repealed by the first parliament of the new king , Henry VII .
 Richard   was overthrown  

 Samuel Butler (poet) ( baptized 14 February 1613 -- 25 September 1680 ) was a poet and satirist .
 Samuel Butler   baptized  

 Rather , that one is following a rule or not is to be decided by looking to see if the actions conform to the expectations in the particular form of life in which one is involved .
 one   involved  

 A downturn hit the German economy for the first time since industrial development began to surge in the 1850s .
 industrial development   began  

 `` Microsoft PowerPoint hell '' is the tedium some people report on sitting through Microsoft PowerPoint visual presentations that are too long and complex , making excessive use of the software 's features and when the presenter just reads from the slides .
 the presenter   just reads  

 Later examination indicates that the clinker planking is not present throughout the ship ; only the outer structure of the sterncastle is built with overlapping planking , though not with a true clinker technique .
 only the outer structure of the sterncastle   is built  

 Cicero describes visiting the tomb of Archimedes , which was surmounted by a sphere inscribed within a cylinder .
 a sphere   inscribed  

 This disassembly of the NPC peripheral groups is largely thought to be phosphate driven , as several of these nucleoporins are phosphorylated during the stages of mitosis .
 This disassembly of the NPC peripheral groups   to be phosphate driven  

 In July 1997 , King Fahd increased the members of the Consultative Council from 60 to 90 , although they were still all appointed .
 they   all appointed  

 Joplin apparently realized that Scott Joplin music was ahead of its time : As music historian Ian Whitcomb mentions that Joplin `` opined that Maple Leaf Rag would make Scott Joplin ` King of Ragtime Composers ' but Scott Joplin also knew that Scott Joplin would not be a pop hero in Scott Joplin own lifetime .
 Maple Leaf Rag   would make  

 The top side effects reported were difficulty concentrating , jaw clenching , grinding of the teeth during sleep , lack of appetite , and dry mouth/thirst ( all occurring in more than 50 % of the 74 volunteers ) .
 The top side effects   reported  

 The northern peak , which stands at , is free of ice .
 The northern peak   stands  

 In 1930 The Times wrote , `` When Edward Elgar first symphony came out , someone attempted to prove that its main tune on which all depends was like the Grail theme in Parsifal .
 Edward Elgar   came out  

 What Stephen King saw was an image of what Stephen King studio would look like if Stephen King died , providing a seed for Stephen King novel Lisey 's Story .
 Stephen King studio   would look  

 The Militia Ordinance appears to have been the single most decisive moment in prompting an exodus from the Upper House to support Charles I of England .
 The Militia Ordinance   appears  

 The Louisville Post wrote in 1897 that `` Male 's school colors have always waved triumphant over the Red of the ` blacksmiths ' as their more cultured opponents are wont to dub them '' .
 their more cultured opponents   are  

 When Earnhardt died Kurt Busch said that was the first and only time Dale Earnhardt drove with Earnhardt .
 Earnhardt   died  

 reported Hayao Miyazaki plans to direct Hayao Miyazaki , rumored to be set in Kobe .
 Hayao Miyazaki   rumored  

 In Jewish tradition the husband was expected to provide a home for his wife , furnished in accordance to local custom , appropriate for the husband 's status ; the marital couple were expected to live together in this home , although if the husband 's choice of work made Jewish views on marriage difficult to do so , the Talmud excuses him from the obligation .
 the marital couple   were expected  

 With the expansion of Ethiopia under the Solomonic dynasty , Amharic , previously a minor local language , spread throughout much of the country , replacing languages both Semitic ( such as Gafat ) and non-Semitic ( such as Weyto ) , and replacing Ge'ez as the principal literary language ( though Ge'ez remains the liturgical language for Christians in the region ) ; this spread continues to this day , with Qimant set to disappear in another generation .
 Amharic   spread  

 Once the MDP2P intermediate has been prepared , a reductive amination leads to MDMA , a racemate 1:1 mixture of ( R ) -1 - ( benzod1,3dioxol-5-yl ) - N-methylpropan-2-amine and ( S ) -1 - ( benzod1,3dioxol-5-yl ) - N-methylpropan-2-amine .
 the MDP2P intermediate   has been prepared  

 City Confidential , an A&E Network series , produced an episode about the murder , postulating that part of the reason Miller took such an active interest ( including supporting Reilly 's defense and using Arthur Miller own celebrity to bring attention to Reilly 's plight ) was because Arthur Miller had felt similarly persecuted in Arthur Miller run-ins with the HUAC .
 was   Miller  

 But he discovers that the new country he is sent to is in fact the country of the Tree and Forest of his great painting , now long abandoned and all but destroyed ( except for the one perfect leaf of the title which is placed in the local museum ) in the home to which he can not return -- but the Tree here and now in this place is the true realization of his vision , not the flawed and incomplete form of his painting .
 he   can not return  

 Decisions of the United States courts of appeals have been published by the private company West Publishing in the Federal Reporter series since the courts were established .
 the courts   were established  

 Promoting a piece has the effect of changing how that piece moves .
 that piece   moves  

 There were five primary goals in the creation of the Java (programming language) language : One characteristic of Java (programming language) is portability , which means that computer programs written in the Java (programming language) language must run similarly on any hardware/operating-system platform .
 computer programs written in the Java (programming language) language   must run similarly  

 The Kirchhoff diffraction equation , which is derived using Maxwell 's equations , puts the Huygens-Fresnel equation on a firmer physical foundation .
 The Kirchhoff diffraction equation   is derived  

 Ephialtes of Trachis expected to be rewarded by the Persians , but this came to nothing when they were defeated at the Battle of Salamis .
 Ephialtes of Trachis   expected  

 The UK started to use the new Pepsi logo on cans in an order different from the US can .
 The UK   started  

 Charles H. Long writes , `` The beings referred to in the myth -- gods , animals , plants -- are forms of power grasped existentially .
 forms of power   grasped existentially  

 Upon his return , the Buddha says , among other things , that Pasenadi is `` a friend of virtue , acquainted with virtue , intimate with virtue '' , while the opposite is said of the aggressor , King Ajatasattu .
 the opposite   is said  

 John Adams (composer) worked with a group of Conservatory string players , at times composing as they rehearsed .
 times   composing  

 Survivor Jim McLoughlin states in One Common Enemy that Hartenstein asked him if he was in the Royal Navy , which he was , and then asked why a passenger ship was armed , stating , `` If it was n't armed , I would not have attacked '' .
 I   would not have attacked  

 Pythagoras is said too , to have been taught by a Delphic priestess named Themistoclea , who introduced Pythagoras to the principles of ethics .
 Pythagoras   is said too  

 According to Jean Daniélou , this schema is inherited from a Judaeo-Christian esotericism , followed by the Apostles , which was only imparted orally to those Christians who could be trusted which such mysteries .
 a Judaeo-Christian esotericism   followed  

 Soil to be moved was shoveled into large wheelbarrows that were dumped into mule-pulled carts .
 Soil   to be moved  

 The above factor contribute to the measurement uncertainty of the results obtained with UV/Vis spectrophotometry .
 the results   obtained  

 J. R. R. Tolkien also coined the term eucatastrophe , though it remains mainly used in connection with J. R. R. Tolkien own work .
 it   mainly used  

 Although Cuny enjoyed a high reputation as a linguist , the work was coldly received .
 the work   was coldly received  

 Frank Redelius , one of Maroger 's protégés from the Baltimore Realists group , wrote a book that updates , builds upon and revises Jacques Maroger research of the painting techniques and formulas of the Old Masters .
 a book   updates  

 Paul also wrote an epitome , which has survived , of Sextus Pompeius Festus ' De significatu verborum .
 an epitome   has survived  

 Given that a large part of the benefits of literacy can be obtained by having access to a Literacy person in the household , some recent literature in economics , starting with the work of Kaushik Basu and James Foster , distinguishes between a ` proximate illiterate ' and an ` isolated Literacy ' .
 a large part of the benefits of literacy   can be obtained  

 The restricted vision , the difficulty in handling of the instruments ( new hand-eye coordination skills are needed ) , the lack of tactile perception and the limited working area are factors which add to the technical complexity of this surgical approach .
 new hand-eye coordination skills   are needed  

 The area of any triangle with perimeter p is less than or equal to with equality holding if and only if Triangle is equilateral .
 equality   holding  

 These base pairs have a higher thermal stability ( melting point , see also DNA-DNA hybridization ) than adenine-thymine , a property that might convey , among organisms living in high-temperature environments , a selective advantage on variants enriched in GC content .
 a property   might convey  

 King Liutprand intervened in several times imposing a candidate of his own to the duchy 's succession ; his successor Ratchis declared the duchies of Spoleto and Benevento foreign countries where it was forbidden to travel without a royal permission .
 it   to travel  

 However , this devaluation had severe social consequences , because most of the essentials goods were imported .
 most of the essentials goods   were imported  

 Although the Lennox threat never died out , Elizabeth did not convict the family of treason in 1562 after their arrest nor did she encourage steps made to annul Margaret 's claim to her throne by inquiring into her legitimacy .
 the Lennox threat   never died out  

 Those ligature glyphs with Unicode codepoints may be inserted manually , but are not recognized by Microsoft Word for what they are , breaking spell checking , while custom ligatures present in the font are not accessible at all .
 Those ligature glyphs with Unicode codepoints   may be inserted manually  

 Ralph Baer is also believed to have proposed the concept of `` active cartridges '' containing additional electronic components allowing adding more game features such as sound effects , variable net position , and variable ball speed , though the idea apparently did not catch any interest .
 Ralph Baer   is also believed  

 In the English language , an equivalent term is matchet , though Machete is less commonly known .
 Machete   less commonly known  

 Another group of CYP3A4 substrates are drugs used for migraine such as ergotamine and dihydroergotamine ; their adverse effects may be more pronounced if erythromycin is associated .
 erythromycin   is associated  

 Therefore , since B is the midpoint of FC , triangles FEB and CEB are congruent ( three sides ) , which implies that the angles marked are equal .
 the angles   marked  

 The immensely famous Letters of a Portuguese Nun ( Lettres portugaises ) ( 1669 ) generally attributed to Gabriel-Joseph de La Vergne , comte de Guilleragues , though a small minority still regard Marianna Alcoforado as the author , is claimed to be intended to be part of a miscellany of Guilleragues prose and poetry .
 Lettres   portugaises  

 When chimpanzees appear in other TV shows , Chimpanzee generally do so as comic relief sidekicks to humans .
 comic relief   sidekicks  

 Although Clisson survived , Charles was determined to punish the would-be assassin , Pierre de Craon , who had taken refuge in Brittany .
 Clisson   survived  

 Kammu is traditionally venerated at Emperor Kammu tomb ; the Imperial Household Agency designates , in Fushimi-ku , Kyoto , as the location of Kammu 's mausoleum .
 the Imperial Household Agency   designates  

 In hit-and-run operations , especially against superior numbers and forces , the Ambush force will begin disengaging even before the firefight has been won .
 the Ambush force   disengaging  

 Aircraft are mostly jet-powered , although helicopters are also seen .
 helicopters   are also seen  

 The term remote viewing was coined to describe this overall process .
 The term remote viewing   was coined  

 Though few organized sports teams exist , Marlboro College `` Outdoor Program '' promotes activities such as rock climbing , snowshoeing , cross-country skiing , white-water kayaking , caving , canoeing , hiking , and the annual February broomball tournament .
 few organized sports teams   exist  

 Ginsberg 's mother , Naomi Livergant Ginsberg , was affected by a psychological illness that was never properly diagnosed .
 a psychological illness   was never properly diagnosed  

 The four sides of the obelisk are covered with reliefs and with hieroglyphs which , it can not be doubted , Hadrian composed .
 it   can not be doubted  

 Owain Glyndŵr refused to accept a pardon and despite large rewards being offered , was never betrayed to the English .
 large rewards   being offered  

 Pepsi jingle ( conceived in the days when Pepsi cost only five cents ) was used in many different forms with different lyrics .
 Pepsi jingle   was used  

 Abu Nidal siblings ' scorn ; the loss of Abu Nidal father and Abu Nidal mother 's removal from the family home when Abu Nidal was seven ; then the loss of Abu Nidal home and status in the conflict with Israel , created a mental world full of plots and counterplots , later reflected in Abu Nidal tyrannical leadership of the ANO -- trusting no one , and at one point suspecting even Abu Nidal own wife of working for the CIA .
 Abu Nidal siblings '   scorn  

 As the year progresses and the Earth moves around the sun , the North Pole gradually turns away from the sun until at midwinter North Pole is facing away from the Sun to North Pole maximum extent .
 the year   progresses  

 Charlotte Staples Lewis , a character first seen early in the fourth season of the TV series Lost , is named in reference to C. S. Lewis .
 the TV series   Lost  

 The implications for Potsdamer Platz were ominous , with suggestions that overall confidence in the project was faltering , and more pessimistic claims that the development had largely failed in Potsdamer Platz original intentions .
 overall confidence in the project   was faltering  

 Other types of ester are prepared in a similar manner -- for example , tosyl ( tosylate ) esters are made by reaction of Alcohol with p-toluenesulfonyl chloride in pyridine .
 Other types of ester   are prepared  

 The white or silver side of the vanes are slightly warmer than the internal air temperature but cooler than the black side , as some heat conducts through the vane from the black side .
 some heat   conducts  

 The status bits of the serial port could be sampled very rapidly and at predictable times , making Serial port possible for the software to decipher Morse code .
 The status bits of the serial port   could be sampled very rapidly  

 True south is the direction towards the southern end of the axis about which the earth rotates , called the South Pole .
 the earth   rotates  

 Cases of neurological symptoms , including numbness and tingling of the lips and mouth , have been reported to rise after the consumption of puffers caught in the area of Titusville , Florida .
 Cases of neurological symptoms , including numbness and tingling of the lips and mouth   have been reported  

 But as Joachim Fest observes : `` Goebbels found in the increasingly unrestrained practice of antisemitism by the state new possibilities into which Joseph Goebbels threw Joseph Goebbels with all the zeal of an ambitious man worried by a constant diminution of Joseph Goebbels power '' .
 Joachim Fest   observes  

 James Abbott McNeill Whistler departure from West Point seems to have been precipitated by a failure in a chemistry exam where , when asked to describe silicon , James Abbott McNeill Whistler began by saying `` Silicon is a gas '' .
 James Abbott McNeill Whistler departure from West Point   seems  

 Louis purchased his Passion relics from Baldwin II , the Latin emperor at Constantinople , for the sum of 135,000 livres , though this money was actually paid to the Venetians , to whom the relics had been pawned .
 the relics   had been pawned  

 The convention used is that the cents written refer to the tempered pitch implied by the flat , natural , or sharp sign and the note name .
 the cents   written  

 For the sake of simplicity , the examples shown above are formed by natural notes ( also called `` white-notes '' , as Musical mode can be played using the white keys of a piano keyboard ) .
 Musical mode   can be played  

 In those instances , in most jurisdictions , the running of Statute of limitations is tolled ( paused ) until the condition ends .
 the condition   ends  

 The term `` intellectuals '' denotes a class of persons in a position to develop critiques of societal matters for which they are not directly responsible and able to stand up for the interests of strata to which they themselves do not belong .
 they   do not belong  

 This ability for Mass media to be able to change how the public thinks and behaves has occurred on other occasions .
 the public   behaves  

 On April 12 , 2000 , Valve announced that the Counter-Strike developers and Valve had teamed up .
 the Counter-Strike developers and Valve   had teamed up  

 C. trachomatis is naturally found living only inside human cells .
 C. trachomatis   is naturally found  

 The discipline of ancient Indian scripts and the languages Palaeography are written needs new scholars who , by adopting traditional palaeographic methods and modern technology , may decipher , study and transcribe the various types of epigraphs and legends still extant today .
 new scholars   study  

 Although Haeckel 's specific form of recapitulation theory is now discredited among biologists , the strong influence Recapitulation theory had on social and educational theories of the late 19th century still resonates in the 21st century .
 the strong influence Recapitulation theory   had  

 The earliest dated work on this subject is the drypoint Gardner Held by His Mother ( an impression inscribed `` Jan/88 '' is in the New York Public Library ) , although Mary Cassatt had painted a few earlier works on the theme .
 an impression   inscribed  

 However , about 25 % of the actual attackers were found to be delusional , a figure that rose to 60 % with ` near-lethal approachers ' ( people apprehended before reaching Assassination target ) .
 about 25 % of the actual attackers   were found  

 Paul 's prescience helps him determine the identity of Jessica 's father , the `` maternal grandfather who can not be named '' -- the Baron himself .
 the `` maternal grandfather   can not be named  

 These two bombings resulted in the deaths of approximately 200,000 people -- mostly civilians -- from acute injuries sustained from the explosions .
 acute injuries   sustained  

 In February 1952 , she gave birth to Kerouac 's only child , Jan Kerouac , though Jack Kerouac refused to acknowledge her as Jack Kerouac own until a blood test confirmed it 9 years later .
 Jack Kerouac   own  

 This assists in resynchronizing a parser in cases where data has been lost or is corrupted , and is a sanity check before commencing parsing the page structure .
 data   is corrupted  

 Despite this , many of Structuralism proponents , such as Jacques Lacan , continue to assert an influence on continental philosophy and many of the fundamental assumptions of some of Structuralism post-structuralist critics are a continuation of structuralism .
 many of Structuralism proponents , such as Jacques Lacan   continue  

 Price had rejoiced that the French king had been `` led in triumph '' during the October Days but to Burke this symbolised the opposing revolutionary sentiment of the Jacobins and the natural sentiments of those like Edmund Burke who regarded the ungallant assault on Marie Antoinette with horror , as a cowardly attack on a defenceless woman .
 Price   had rejoiced  

 Though The Oxford Encyclopedia of British Literature sees Modernism ending by c. 1939 , with regard to British and American literature , `` When ( if ) Modernism petered out and postmodernism began has been contested almost as hotly as when the transition from Victorianism to Modernism occurred '' .
 Modernism   petered out  

 Andronicus II responded by sending an envoy to Paris in 1327 , proposing peace and discussions on ecclesiastical union -- a French envoy sent in return with Pope John 's blessing later in the year , however , found Byzantium beset with civil war and negotiations floundered .
 civil war and negotiations   floundered  

 Following Politics of Singapore report back to parliament , the bill will go through Politics of Singapore third reading where only minor amendments will be allowed before Politics of Singapore is passed .
 the bill   is passed  

 This follows from the formal definitions - an entry is defined as a set of attributes , and an attribute is a set of values , and sets need not be ordered .
 sets   need not be ordered  

 Developers began to target the P5 Pentium processor family almost exclusively with x86 assembly language optimizations which led to the usage of terms such as Pentium compatible processor for software requirements .
 Developers   began  

 Because many Native Americans were forced to move to Oklahoma when White settlement in North America increased , Oklahoma has a lot of linguistic diversity .
 White settlement in North America   increased  

 In such cases , a mutation in a single gene can cause a disease that is inherited according to Mendel 's laws .
 a disease   is inherited  

 Writings from Aztec priests reveal them to be strong panentheists who considered the common mythology to be a symbolic oversimplification meant to be easier for the commoners to understand .
 the commoners   to understand  

 While Stowe questioned if anyone would read Uncle Tom 's Cabin in book form , she eventually consented to the request .
 Stowe   questioned  

 Statite is a hypothetical type of artificial satellite that employs a solar sail to continuously modify its orbit in ways that gravity alone would not allow .
 that gravity alone   would not allow  

 Vincentelli goes on to say , '' ... many of the show 's songs retain a surprising impact .
 Vincentelli   goes on  

 Existing customs should not lightly be disregarded , because Property have come to be what Property are as a result of human nature .
 Property   are  

 Radio Gaalkacyo , formerly known as Radio Free Somalia , operates from Galkayo in the north-central Mudug province .
 Radio Gaalkacyo   operates  

 In reality all species of mushrooms take several days to form primordial mushroom fruit bodies , though Mushroom do expand rapidly by the absorption of fluids .
 Mushroom   do expand rapidly  

 However , Anne 's age at death was still written as 28 when , in fact , Anne Brontë was 29 when Anne Brontë died .
 Anne Brontë   died  

 Nevertheless , Potsdamer Platz exact position showed that the platz was starting to be opened out : the former hotel had mostly stood on a large flagged area laid out in front of Potsdamer Platz , indicating that the new building curved away from the existing street line ; this would have enabled future street widening to take place .
 the platz   was starting  

 The version by Aiken is perhaps the best known stage adaptation , released just a few months after Uncle Tom's Cabin was published .
 Uncle Tom's Cabin   was published  

 9,573 km total ( 2002 ) 228 km of motorways ( 2008 ) The main network consists of 7 corridors , a good length of which already have motorways .
 The main network   consists  

 Before war being declared , Balarama had expressed his unhappiness at the developing conflict and left to go on pilgrimage ; thus he does not take part in the battle Mahabharata .
 war   being declared  

 However , such ruling had no effect on the copyright ownership of Jack Kerouac literary works , since in 2004 a Florida Probate Court ruled that `` any claim against any assets or property which were inherited or received by any of the SAMPAS respondents through the Estate of Stella Sampas Jack Kerouac , Deceased , is barred by reason of the provisions of Florida Statute § 733.710 ( 1989 ) '' .
 any assets or property   were inherited  

 The Colony of Carolina in North America -- which later separated into North Carolina and South Carolina -- was named after Charles I of England , as was its major city of Charleston .
 The Colony of Carolina in North America   was named  

 In Roger Ebert 's review of the 2004 movie Secret Window , Stephen King stated , `` A lot of people were outraged that King was honored at the National Book Awards , as if a popular writer could not be taken seriously .
 a popular writer   could not be taken seriously  

 Orangutan use leaves to amplify the kiss squeak sounds Orangutan produce .
 Orangutan   produce  

 Usually housed underneath the side of the table , the half butt is a combination of a table length rest and cue which is rarely used unless the cue ball needs to be struck in such a way that the entire length of the table is the actual obstacle .
 the cue ball   to be struck  

 The secret integers a and b are discarded at the end of the session .
 The secret   integers  

 Jalāl ad-Dīn Muhammad Balkhī , also known as Jalāl ad-Dīn Muhammad Rūmī , and more popularly in the English-speaking world simply as Rumi ( 30 September 1207 -- 17 December 1273 ) , was a 13th-century after whose death in 1284 Rumi 's younger and only surviving son , Sultan Walad ( died 1312 ) , favorably known as author of the mystical Maṭnawī Rabābnāma , or the Book of the Rabab was installed as grand master of the order .
 Sultan Walad   died  

 Safeword is a `` word '' at all , which is very useful when the submissive is bound and gagged .
 the submissive   gagged  

 Since modern development of the basin began , the Mississippi has also seen Mississippi River share of pollution and environmental problems -- most notably large volumes of agricultural runoff , which has led to the Gulf of Mexico dead zone off the Delta .
 modern development of the basin   began  

 There Marsupial remain for a number of weeks , attached to the nipple .
 a number of weeks   attached  

 In the United States and Canada , where spirits are often called `` liquor '' ( pronounced , with stress on the first rather than the second syllable ) , there is often confusion over liqueurs and liquors , especially as many spirits today are available in flavored form ( e.g.
 spirits   pronounced  

 Some New World monkeys , such as Goeldi 's Marmoset , have been observed living in Polyandry groups .
 Some New World monkeys , such as Goeldi 's Marmoset   have been observed  

 Few then were surprised when Major 's Conservatives lost the 1 May 1997 general election to Tony Blair 's `` New Labour '' , although the immense scale of the defeat was not as widely predicted : in 1987 and 1992 the Conservatives had polled better than had been suggested by the opinion polls , but in 1997 this was no longer the case .
 the immense scale of the defeat   was not as widely predicted  

 Hearing news that the fire was advancing , Samuel Pepys started to pack up Samuel Pepys possessions by moonlight .
 the fire   was advancing  

 Mainland China residents visiting Hong Kong or Macau are required to hold an Exit-entry Permit for Travelling to and from Hong Kong and Macau ( 往来港澳通行证 or 双程证 ) issued by mainland authorities , along with an endorsement , also issued by mainland authorities , on the Exit-entry Permit which needs to be applied each time ( similar to a visa ) when visiting the SARs .
 an endorsement   also issued  

 A former Stasi colonel who served in the counterintelligence directorate estimated that the figure could be as high as 2 million if occasional informants were included .
 occasional informants   were included  

 The dead man ( Mountjoy ) had money but no job or assets , which fits a drug dealer .
 no job or assets   fits  

 Inflation was reported to be 0.7 % compared to 0.8 % in 1999 , and the current account deficit ( excluding transfers ) was held at less than 6 % of GDP .
 Inflation   was reported  

 A player whose rating is 100 points greater than his opponent 's is expected to score 64 % , if the difference is 200 points the expected score for the stronger player is 76 % .
 his opponent 's   is expected  

 Proven reserves , according to figures provided by the Saudi Government , are estimated to be , about one-quarter of world oil reserves .
 Proven reserves   to be  

 Mona Lisa '' ... was an open text into which one could read what one wanted ; probably because she was not a religious image ; and , probably , because the literary gazers were mainly men who subjected her to an endless stream of male fantasies '' .
 one   wanted  

 Hebrew House , as it was known , was set up as winter term project to operate similar to an Israeli kibbutz .
 it   was known  

 Some places may allow a hand such as 10-9-8-7-A to play as a straight ( by analogy to a wheel ) in the 32-card game , the A playing low and skipping over the removed ranks ( although this is not the case in Manila ) .
 a hand such as 10-9-8-7-A   to play  

 As summarized by philosopher John Searle , de Saussure established that ' I understand the sentence `` the cat is on the mat '' the way I do because I know how Structuralism would relate to an indefinite -- indeed infinite -- set of other sentences , `` the dog is on the mat , '' `` the cat is on the couch , '' etc. ' The term `` structuralism '' Structuralism appeared in the works of French anthropologist Claude Lévi-Strauss .
 I   do  

 Moses was given eight prayer laws that were to be carried out in regards to the Tabernacle .
 eight prayer laws   to be carried out  

 If Propaganda uses the label on too-many perceivably credible individuals , muddying up the word can be done by broadcasting bad-examples of `` liberals '' into the media .
 the label on too-many perceivably credible individuals , muddying up the word   can be done  

 A number of historical novels based on Procopius ' works ( along with other sources ) have been written , one of which , Count Belisarius , was written by poet and novelist Robert Graves in 1938 .
 A number of historical novels based on Procopius ' works ( along with other sources )   have been written  

 The fraction of the solar surface covered by bright points varies with the solar cycle .
 The fraction of the solar surface   varies  

 Before the Grand Canal was rebuilt , grain was transferred to Beijing in two ways ; one route was simply via the East China Sea , from the port of Liujiagang ( near Suzhou ) ; the other was a far more laborious process of transferring the grain from large to small shallow barges ( after passing the Huai River and having to cross southwestern Shandong ) , then transferred back to large river barges on the Yellow River before finally reaching Beijing .
 the Grand Canal   was rebuilt  

 ( Figures shown are for the number of single language responses and the percentage of total single-language responses .
 Figures   shown  

 A culture of recording gameplay developed , as Henry Lowood of Stanford University called Machinima , `` a context for spectatorship ... The result was nothing less than a metamorphosis of the player into a performer '' .
 A culture of recording gameplay   developed  

 None of these Prakrits came into being as vernaculars , but some ended up being used as such when Sanskrit fell out of favor .
 some   ended up  

 The discipline of ancient Indian scripts and the languages Palaeography are written needs new scholars who , by adopting traditional palaeographic methods and modern technology , may decipher , study and transcribe the various types of epigraphs and legends still extant today .
 new scholars   may decipher  

 The small fleet operated meant overall ozone-layer degradation caused by Concorde was negligible .
 The small fleet   operated meant  

 This implies that the way in which theory is tested is dictated by the nature of the theory Scientific method , which led Kuhn ( 1961 , p. 166 ) to argue that `` once it has been adopted by a profession ... no theory is recognized to be testable by any quantitative tests that it has not already passed '' .
 no theory   is recognized  

 This equation , which is known as the London equation , predicts that the magnetic field in a superconductor decays exponentially from whatever value Superconductivity possesses at the surface .
 the magnetic field in a superconductor   decays exponentially  

 There is a recent suggestion mitochondria that shorten male lifespan stay in the system because mitochondria are inherited only through the mother .
 mitochondria   are inherited  

 The value of underwater acoustics to the fishing industry has led to the development of other acoustic instruments that operate in a similar fashion to echo-sounders but , because Sonar function is slightly different from the initial model of the echo-sounder , have been given different terms .
 other acoustic instruments   operate  

 The ferry crossing only takes 3 minutes .
 The ferry   crossing  

 Contralto vocal range falls between tenor and mezzo-soprano ; typically between the F below middle C ( F3 in scientific pitch notation ) to the second G above middle C ( G5 ) , although at the extremes some voices can reach the D below middle C ( D3 ) or the second B above middle C ( B5 ) .
 Contralto vocal range   falls  

 Also in most Eskimo groups , the role of mediator is known well : the person filling Shamanism in is actually believed to be able to contact the beings who populate the belief system .
 the person filling Shamanism in   is actually believed  

 However , History of the Maldives continued to maintain an air base on the island of Gan in the southernmost atoll until 1976 .
 History of the Maldives   continued  

 `` The first was to make sure that Rabbani and Ahmad Shah Massoud were not allowed to consolidate power , build a credible administration , or expand their territorial control , so that the country would remain divided into small fiefdoms , run by various Muajhideen leaders and local warlords or a council of such elements , with only some of them allied to Kabul .
 Rabbani and Ahmad Shah Massoud   were not allowed  

 When all voters have dichotomous preferences and vote the sincere , strategy-proof vote , Approval voting is guaranteed to elect the Condorcet winner , if one exists .
 one   exists  

 Although Othello was never filmed , Othello was the first lengthy performance of a Shakespeare play released on records , appearing first on a multi-record 78 RPM set and then on a 3-LP one .
 a Shakespeare play   released  

 Wimsey continues his probing at Pym 's , and learns that one of the senior copywriters , Tallboy , seems to have large amounts of cash .
 one of the senior copywriters   seems  

 The audio version of Spam (Monty Python) , since the Hungarian and historian are not featured , instead has the Vikings reaching an operatic climax .
 the Hungarian and historian   are not featured  

 Near the end of the Daytona 500 , Dale Earnhardt had a four-second lead when the final caution flag came out with a handful of laps to go .
 the final caution flag   came out  

 In 1977 an animated TV production of The Hobbit was made by Rankin-Bass , and in 1980 they produced an animated The Return of the King , which covered some of the portions of The Lord of the Rings that Bakshi was unable to complete .
 Bakshi   to complete  

 It is not known whether FIFA will retire FIFA World Cup Trophy after all of the name plaques at the base are filled in ; this will not occur until after the 2038 World Cup at the earliest .
 FIFA   are filled in  

 Whilst on the surface the new Potsdamer Platz appears so far to have lived up to Potsdamer Platz expectations as a futuristic centre of commerce at the heart of Europe 's youngest capital city , there has been much debate as to just how successful Potsdamer Platz really is .
 Potsdamer Platz   really is  

 `` Osama bin Laden do n't think that we can finally defeat al-Qaeda until Osama bin Laden 's captured or killed '' , McChrystal said of bin Laden .
 Osama bin Laden 's   captured  

 Collision avoidance is one of the cases when the follow is required to `` backlead '' or at least to communicate about the danger to Lead and follow .
 the follow   is required  

 A first attempt at a calligraphic use of this hand , seen in one or two manuscripts of the 8th or early 9th century , in which it slopes to the right and has a narrow , angular appearance , did not find favour , but by the end of the 9th century a more ornamental type , from which modern Greek script descended , was already established .
 modern Greek script   descended  

 The presence of an analyte gives a response assumed to be proportional to the concentration .
 a response   assumed  

 Much of Macau 's textile industry has moved to the mainland as the Multi-Fiber Agreement is phased out .
 the Multi-Fiber Agreement   is phased out  

 Some early Semitic languages are speculated to have weak ergative features .
 Some early Semitic languages   are speculated  

 When several amino acids suitable for phosphorylation are present in the kinase domain ( e.g. , the insulin-like growth factor receptor ) , the activity of Protein kinase can increase with the number of phosphorylated amino acids ; in this case , the first phosphorylation is said to be a cis-autophosphorylation , switching Protein kinase from `` off '' to `` standby '' .
 several amino   acids suitable  

 Indeed , Aaron was to find Aaron reward , says Shimon bar Yochai ; for that heart which had leaped with joy over Aaron younger brother 's rise to glory greater than Aaron was decorated with the Urim and Thummim , which were to `` be upon Aaron 's heart when Aaron goeth in before the Lord '' ( Canticles Rabbah i. 10 ) .
 that heart   had leaped  

 The derby between the two is called the Derby della Capitale , A.S. Roma is amongst the most heated and emotional footballing rivalries in the world .
 The derby between the two   is called  

 This episode was the background for an altercation in the Frankfurt chamber with Georg von Vincke that led to a duel between Bismarck and Vincke and Carl von Bodelschwingh as impartial party , which ended without injury .
 impartial party   ended  

 Herodotus had expressed doubt concerning the existence of a river in Europe , Eridanos , which flowed into the northern sea , he said , from which amber came .
 he   said  

 Most windows are made up of around 25 -- 30 individual panels showing distinct episodes within the narrative -- only the Belle Verrière includes a larger image made up of multiple panels .
 Most windows   are made up  

 On the manuscript Elgar wrote , quoting John Ruskin , `` This is the best of Edward Elgar ; for the rest , Edward Elgar ate , and drank , and slept , loved and hated , like another .
 Edward Elgar   ate  

 A recent innovation is the back-boring of barrels , in which the barrels are bored out slightly larger than their actual gauge .
 the barrels   are bored out  

 From the distance of our times , Diefenbaker 's role as a prairie populist who tried to revolutionize the Conservative Party begins to loom larger than John Diefenbaker personal idiosyncrasies .
 Diefenbaker 's role as a prairie populist   to loom larger  

 The surface of Asteroid appears completely covered in ice .
 The surface of Asteroid   appears  

 This is known to be so especially for L. longiflorum though other Lilium and the unrelated Hemerocallis can also cause the same symptoms .
 This   is known  

 While Narrow gauge railway could more easily be upgraded to handle heavier , faster traffic , many narrow gauge railways were impractical to improve .
 many narrow gauge railways   to improve  

 However , Proteasome has been shown to inhibit proteasomes as well as free proteases ; to be specific , the chymotrypsin-like activity of the proteasome is inhibited by ritonavir , while the trypsin-like activity is somewhat enhanced .
 Proteasome   has been shown  

 In the following years the mechanism behind cellular respiration was further elaborated , although Mitochondrion link to the mitochondria was not known .
 Mitochondrion link to the mitochondria   was not known  

 A few months later in March , during an interview with Evening Standard reporter Maureen Cleave , John Lennon remarked , `` Christianity will go .
 Christianity   will go  

 The nuclei become increasingly small ( gravity and pressure overwhelming the strong force ) until the core is reached , by definition the point where Neutron star disappear altogether .
 the core   is reached  

 The Encyclopaedia Britannica comments that `` the consensus of the great majority of scholars today is that the most obvious and traditional understanding should be construed , namely , that rock refers to the person of Peter '' .
 the most obvious and traditional understanding   should be construed  

 If f is a locally integrable function ( or more generally a Borel measure locally of bounded variation ) , then the Laplace transform F ( s ) of f converges provided that the limit exists .
 the limit   exists  

 In a newspaper survey , the Geordie accent was found to be the `` most attractive in England '' .
 the Geordie accent   to be  

 2006 Best and Fairest Brendon Lade and midfielder Shaun Burgoyne each scored 15 votes , while NAB Rising Star Danyle Pearce took thirteen -- with Port Adelaide finishing the count with 67 votes -- one of the top eight clubs for the night .
 NAB   Rising  

 In the original Precision Club system , forcing and non-forcing Stayman convention are differentiated in the start : 2 by responder shows only invitational values ( and the continuation is the same as in basic Stayman convention ) , while 2 is forcing to game ( responder bids 2NT without majors ) .
 responder bids   2NT  

 Type 2 , HDPE : high-density polyethylene is found in most hard plastics such as milk jugs , laundry detergent bottles , and some dishware .
 some   dishware  

 In 2009 a security flaw in the way that transparent proxies operate was published by Robert Auger , and the Computer Emergency Response Team issued an advisory listing dozens of affected transparent and intercepting Proxy server .
 transparent proxies   operate  

 All the criteria ( a -- f ) must be met , according to the Geneva Convention , for a combatant to be described as Mercenary .
 All the criteria   must be met  

 Burke said Rousseau `` entertained no principle either to influence of Edmund Burke heart , or to guide Edmund Burke understanding , but vanity '' , which Edmund Burke `` was possessed to a degree little short of madness '' .
 Edmund Burke   was possessed  

 One commodity they got was camwood , a hard timber , from which also could be obtained a red dye .
 One commodity they got   was camwood  

 Thus , in the word ship ( pronounced ) , the digraph ⟨ sh ⟩ ( two letters ) represents the sound .
 the word ship   pronounced  

 Real-time strategy made for video game consoles have been consistently criticized due to their control schemes .
 Real-time strategy   made  

 A brand new Dream Ballet was composed for Susan Stroman 's new choreography and the dances to `` Kansas City '' , `` Many a New Day '' and `` The Farmer and the Cowman '' were all radically redesigned .
 Many a New Day '' and `` The Farmer and the Cowman   radically redesigned  

 No other English county has been honoured in this way , although Cheshire lost the distinction on Richard 's fall in 1399 .
 No other English county   has been honoured  

 The first deer to be shot was not actually harmed , despite the `` gruesome close-up '' , but hit with a tranquilizer dart .
 The first deer to be shot   was not actually harmed  

 Jarvis ' replacement , Benjamin Davies , noted the Goshutes had lost faith in the federal government , and recommended limiting further encroachments on Goshute land , but his suggestions were largely ignored .
 his suggestions   were largely ignored  

 The first title given to the work was Away We Go !
 We   Go  

 They were met with silence , as the citizens of Rome had locked themselves inside their houses as soon as the rumor of what had taken place had begun to spread .
 the rumor of what had taken place   had begun  

 As a result of relying on literary sources , in Lord Jim , as J.I.M. Stewart writes , Conrad 's `` need to work to some extent from second-hand '' led to `` a certain thinness in Jim 's relations with the ... peoples ... of Patusan ... '' This prompted Joseph Conrad at some points to alter the nature of Charles Marlow 's narrative in order to `` distance an uncertain command of the detail of Tuan Jim 's empire '' .
 J.I.M. Stewart   writes  

 This was addressed in the judgment relating to war crimes and crimes against humanity , which contains an expansion of customary law : `` the Convention Hague 1907 expressly stated that it was an attempt ` to revise the general laws and customs of war , ' which Nuremberg Trials thus recognised to be then existing , but by 1939 these rules laid down in the Convention were recognised by all civilised nations , and were regarded as being declaratory of the laws and customs of war which are referred to in Article 6 ( b ) of the London Charter '' .
 Nuremberg Trials   thus recognised  

 If a structuralist reading focuses on multiple texts , there must be some way in which those texts unify themselves into a coherent system .
 a structuralist   reading  

 In 2009 David Attenborough stated that the Book of Genesis , by saying that the world was there for people to dominate , had taught generations that they can `` dominate '' the environment , and that this has resulted in the devastation of vast areas of the environment .
 people   to dominate  

 This process allows developers and quality assurance personnel to look for parts of a system that are rarely or never accessed under normal conditions ( error handling and the like ) and helps reassure test engineers that the most important conditions ( function points ) have been tested .
 the most important conditions   have been tested  

 Inside the bulb , on a low friction spindle , is a rotor with several ( usually four ) vertical lightweight metal vanes spaced equally around the axis.When exposed to sunlight , artificial light , or infrared radiation ( even the heat of a hand nearby can be enough ) , the vanes turn with no apparent motive power , the dark sides retreating from the radiation source and the light sides advancing .
 the vanes   turn  

 About the question whether baptism is an absolute necessity for salvation however , Augustine appears to have refined Augustine of Hippo beliefs during Augustine of Hippo lifetime , causing some confusion among later theologians about Augustine of Hippo position .
 Augustine   appears  

 It 's because Jules Verne know who Jules Verne am that Jules Verne realize what Jules Verne can be one day '' .
 Jules Verne   am  

 Heavy investment by Sir George Calvert , 1st Baron Baltimore , in the 1620s in wharves , warehouses , and fishing stations failed to pay off .
 1st Baron Baltimore   to pay off  

 When eating , Ostrich will fill Ostrich gullet with food , which is in turn passed down Ostrich esophagus in the form of a ball called a bolus .
 food   passed down  

 On 11 October 2012 , on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the opening of the Second Vatican Council 60 prominent theologians , ( including Hans Küng ) , put out a Declaration , stating that the intention of Vatican II to balance authority in the Church has not been realised .
 the intention of Vatican II   has not been realised  

 Among the many ways of classifying plants are by regional floras , which , depending on the purpose of study , can also include fossil flora , remnants of plant life from a previous era .
 Among the many ways of classifying plants   are  

 Though Wilde 's fictional Emperor differs from the actual Alexander , contemporary events in Russia -- as published in the British press of the time -- clearly influenced Wilde .
 Wilde 's fictional Emperor   differs  

 In addition , Nuncio serves as the liaison between the Holy See and the Roman Catholic diocesan episcopate in the nation or region to which he is assigned .
 he   is assigned  

 A proposed means of averting an asteroid impacting with earth , assuming low lead times between detection and earth impact , is to detonate a series of nuclear explosive devices in proximity to the asteroid , far enough away as not to fracture the object .
 an asteroid   impacting  

 A standard-issue color plush toy matching Oswald 's appearance in Epic Mickey appeared in late 2010 .
 A standard-issue color plush toy   matching  

 If recombination does not occur , the whole mitochondrial DNA sequence represents a single haplotype , which makes Mitochondrion useful for studying the evolutionary history of populations .
 recombination   does not occur  

 Communication from user-mode to supervisor-mode is done through Unimplemented User Operations ( UUOs ) : instructions which are not defined by the hardware are trapped by the supervisor .
 Communication from user-mode to supervisor-mode   is done  

 Potsdamer Platz is one of the earliest locations where the Wall was `` breached '' to create a new border crossing between East and West Berlin .
 the Wall   breached  

 The species ' wind-dispersed seeds enable Ulmus americana to spread rapidly as suitable areas of habitat become available .
 Ulmus americana   to spread rapidly  

 Supplies still proved insufficient , until by the Statute of Westminster in 1472 , every ship coming to an English port had to bring four bowstaves for every tun .
 every ship   coming  

 Cluster stitches , which are in fact multiple stitches worked together , will use the most yardage .
 multiple stitches   worked together  

 The earliest known tablatures are for a six-stringed instrument , though evidence of earlier four - and five-stringed lutes exists .
 evidence of earlier four - and five-stringed lutes   exists  

 In 1930 , there were still many who questioned the quality of the professional game , claiming the college `` amateurs '' played with more intensity than professionals .
 the college `` amateurs   played  

 The DSP-1 chip that was used in Super Mario Kart went on to be the most popular DSP chip to be used in SNES games .
 The DSP-1 chip   went on  

 Women desiring an abortion in Prince Edward Island must have one physician referral ( PEI physician ) , PEI physicians may not refuse this referral , if they do , patients can file a complaint with the Medical Society .
 they   do  

 These types of integrals seem first to have attracted Laplace 's attention in 1782 where he was following in the spirit of Euler in using the integrals themselves as solutions of equations .
 he   was following  

 Multiple players , like Ronnie O'Sullivan , Mark Allen and Steve Davis , warn that there are so many tournaments that players burning out is a danger .
 players   burning out  

 The other factors to be considered are the skills of the salvor , the peril to which the salvaged property was exposed , the value of the property which was risked in effecting the salvage , the amount of time and money expended in the salvage operation etc.
 The other factors   to be considered  

 The gameplay in Asteroids (video game) was imitated by many games that followed .
 many games   followed  

 The road up the hill to Coombe , Traps Lane , is thought to derive from a farm owned by a Mrs Trap .
 The road up the hill to Coombe   is thought  

 Administration of L-tryptophan , a precursor for serotonin , is seen to double the production of serotonin in the brain .
 Administration of L-tryptophan   is seen  

 This region of Antibody is called the Fab ( fragment , antigen binding ) region .
 antigen   binding  

 Among men who have anal sex with other men , the insertive partner is called the top and the one being penetrated is called the bottom .
 the one   being penetrated  

 Media studies does not appear to be taught in the state of New South Wales at a secondary level .
 Media studies   does not appear  

 Salisbury holds an annual St George 's Day pageant , the origins of which are claimed to go back to the 13th century .
 the origins of which   are claimed  

 The majority of the windows now visible at Chartres Cathedral were made and installed between 1205 and 1240 , however four lancets preserve panels of Romanesque glass from the 12th century which survived the fire of 1195 .
 The majority of the windows now visible at Chartres Cathedral   were made  

 For space reasons , Etruscan is not included , but the fact that Nostratic languages had / mi / ` I ' and / mini / ` me ' seems to fit the pattern reconstructed for Proto-Nostratic ideally , leading some to argue that the Aegean or Tyrsenian languages were yet another Nostratic branch .
 Nostratic languages   had  

 Limited-stop only serve certain bus stops , skipping others that local routes serve .
 Limited-stop   only serve  

 The majority of those who voted no were Somalis who were strongly in favour of joining a united History of Somalia , as had been proposed by Mahmoud Harbi , Vice President of the Government Council .
 those   voted  

 However , three quarters of Canadians polled after the speech objected to the proposal and , two days later , the prime minister 's office announced that the Cabinet had decided to leave O Canada alone .
 Canadians   polled  

 After Grindal died in 1548 , Elizabeth received Elizabeth I of England education under Roger Ascham , a sympathetic teacher who believed that learning should be engaging .
 learning   should be engaging  

 We know that , in the set of all possible strings , most strings are complex in the sense that Kolmogorov complexity can not be described in any significantly `` compressed '' way .
 Kolmogorov complexity   can not be described  

 The manned phase of the project was delayed for 20 months while these problems were corrected .
 these problems   were corrected  

 However , administration of spearmint tea to rats causes dose-dependently temporary or permanent negative effects on the reproductive system of the male rat and leads to lipid peroxidation that results in histopathologies in the kidney , liver , and uterine tissues ; more research into the toxic effects of the tea in humans is warranted .
 administration of spearmint tea to rats   leads  

 Antisemitism in the Arab world antisemitism is believed to have expanded since the 19th century .
 Antisemitism in the Arab world antisemitism   is believed  

 Avarice must actually be taught since Satires (Juvenal) runs counter to nature .
 Satires   runs counter  

 The letters shown were on the vehicle registration plates until 1973 .
 The letters   shown  

 Mullin even claims to have been the first to use `` canned laughter '' ; at the insistence of Crosby 's head writer , Bill Morrow , he inserted a segment of raucous laughter from an earlier show into a joke in a later show that had n't worked well .
 a later show   had n't worked well  

 The north transept rose ( 10.5 m diameter , made c. 1235 ) , like much of the sculpture in the north porch beneath it , is dedicated to the Virgin .
 10.5 m diameter   made  

 Critics have pointed to a 2004 Tonight Show clip , wherein Leno claimed Jay Leno would allow O'Brien to take over without incident .
 O'Brien   to take over  

 The Raven was recalled by someone who experienced The Raven , `` He would turn down the lamps till the room was almost dark , then standing in the center of the apartment he would recite ... in the most melodious of voices ... So marvelous was his power as a reader that the auditors would be afraid to draw breath lest the enchanted spell be broken '' .
 the enchanted spell   be broken  

 Hideo Hosono , of the Tokyo Institute of Technology , and colleagues found lanthanum oxygen fluorine iron arsenide ( LaO1-xFxFeAs ) , an oxypnictide that superconducts below 26 K. Replacing the lanthanum in LaO1 − xFxFeAs with samarium leads to superconductors that work at 55 K. Superconductivity magnets are some of the most powerful electromagnets known .
 Hideo Hosono , of the Tokyo Institute of Technology , and colleagues   found  

 This style , called `` tabbed '' or `` ridged '' , used the same basic design as the original cartridges with the addition of two small tabs on the cartridge 's underside to aid in removal .
 This style   tabbed  

 In the ancient sacrum cereale a priest , probably the Flamen Cerialis , invoked Ceres (mythology) ( and probably Tellus ) along with twelve specialised , minor assistant-gods to secure divine protection and assistance at each stage of the grain cycle , beginning shortly before the Feriae Sementivae .
 twelve   specialised  

 Elizabeth 's open and gracious responses endeared Elizabeth I of England to the spectators , who were `` wonderfully ravished '' .
 the spectators   wonderfully ravished  

 He supported his premise by showing that their marriages , in which husband was the head , were arranged according to the rules of good management : those who are in command ( quae principantur ) in their society were always singular , while subordinates ( subiecta ) were multiple .
 their marriages , in which husband was the head   were arranged  

 Primacy is regarded as a consequence of Pope position as bishop of the original capital city of the Roman Empire , a definition explicitly spelled out in the 28th canon of the Council of Chalcedon .
 a definition   explicitly spelled out  

 The program GenerateProvablyParadoxicalString outputs a string s for which there exists an L such that K ( s ) ≥ L can be formally proved in S with L ≥ n0 .
 a string s   exists  

 As soon as Cyrus the Younger age permitted , the same pre-eminence showed itself in Cyrus the Younger fondness for the chase , not without a certain appetite for perilous adventure in facing the wild beasts themselves .
 the Younger age   permitted  

 The emperor 's kami is venerated at the Kashihara Shrine a Shinto shrine located at Kashihara in Nara prefecture , where Emperor Jimmu palace was said to have been located .
 Emperor Jimmu palace   was said  

 With the benefit of hindsight gained on the 6800 project , the MOS Technology team headed by Chuck Peddle , made the following architectural changes in the Motorola CPU ... The second `` B '' accumulator was omitted .
 The second `` B '' accumulator   was omitted  

 If the two sets of bodies do not have concurrent jurisdiction but , as in the case of the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) , the relationship is expressly based on the principle of complementarity , i.e. , the international court is subsidiary or complementary to national courts , the difficulty is avoided .
 the difficulty   is avoided  

 After Heracles died , Eurystheus attempted to destroy his many children ( the Heracleidae , led by Hyllus ) , who fled to Athens .
 Heracles   died  

 When World War II ended , the local economy began to experience revitalization by way of subsidies from Federal Belgrade .
 World War II   ended  

 Robert Boyle ( 1627 - 1691 ) : formulated Boyle 's law , which describes the inversely proportional relationship between the absolute pressure and volume of a gas ( if the temperature is kept constant within a closed system ) , wrote The Sceptical Chymist ( seen as cornerstone book in the field of chemistry ) , regarded as the first modern chemist , one of the founders of modern chemistry .
 the temperature   is kept  

 Investment in the telecom industry is one of the clearest signs that Somalia 's economy has continued to grow despite the ongoing civil strife in parts of the southern half of the country .
 Somalia 's economy   has continued  

 This process may have also created the present orbits of a significant fraction of the Jupiter-family comets , although the majority of such comets are thought to have originated in the scattered disc .
 the majority of such comets   are thought  

 Rogers ' body regularly replenishes the super-soldier serum ; Captain America does not wear off .
 Captain America   does not wear off  

 Few seem to have remarked on the fact that tablature combines in one notation system both the physical and technical requirements of play ( the lines and symbols on them and in relation to each other representing the actual performance actions ) with the unfolding of the music Musical notation ( the lines of tablature taken horizontally represent the actual temporal unfolding of the music ) .
 Few   seem  

 The magnetic moment of a proton , denoted μp , is , while the magnetic moment of a neutron is μn = .
 the magnetic moment of a neutron   is μn  

 As one of the scientists noted , `` Coal and kerogen are products of life and Astrobiology took a long time for them to form ... How do stars make such complicated organics under seemingly unfavorable conditions and do Astrobiology so rapidly ?
 them   to form  

 Traffic engineers observe that the likelihood of a crash happening is significantly higher if vehicles are traveling at speeds faster or slower than the mean speed of traffic ; when severity is taken into account the risk is lowest for those traveling at or below the median speed and `` increases exponentially for motorists driving faster '' .
 motorists   driving faster  

 In case of a retrocecal appendix ( appendix localized behind the cecum ) , however , even deep pressure in the right lower quadrant may fail to elicit tenderness ( silent appendix ) , the reason being that the cecum , distended with gas , protects the inflamed appendix from the pressure .
 the cecum   distended  

 High continues that the ship is big enough for all of the gods to travel aboard Skíðblaðnir with wargear and weapons in tow , and that , as soon as Skíðblaðnir sail is hoisted , the ship finds good wind , and goes wherever Skíðblaðnir need be .
 Skíðblaðnir sail   is hoisted  

 The council president , speaking on behalf of the 15 members , said Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ` strongly condemned the LTTE , a terrorist organisation , for the use of civilians as human shields and for not allowing Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam to leave the area ' .
 The council president   speaking  

 Rejection of xenotransplantated organs is thought to be , in part , the result of natural antibodies circulating in the serum of the recipient binding to α-Gal antigens expressed on the donor tissue .
 Rejection of xenotransplantated organs   is thought  

 One of the greatest of these occurred with the election success in 1906 , when , despite continued oppression , seven Slovaks managed to get seats in the Assembly .
 One of the greatest of these   occurred  

 It is these two formulations of Roger Brown 's which have become widely known and attributed to Whorf and Sapir while in fact the second formulation , verging on linguistic determinism , was never advanced by either of them .
 the second formulation   verging  

 A junior officer in Macmillan 's advance entourage owed Miss Phombeya some money for ` services rendered ' .
 services   rendered  

 In January 2008 the couple announced they had split .
 they   had split  

 The increase since 1957 would have been even greater if not for the significant improvements in medical techniques and emergency response times , which mean that more and more attempted homicide victims survive .
 more and more attempted homicide victims   survive  

 The North , by contrast , absorbed Confederate States of America material losses so effortlessly that Confederate States of America appeared richer at the end of the war than at the beginning .
 Confederate States of America   appeared richer  

 The simple view that the lattice of the pure metal `` absorbs '' carbon atoms can be seen to be untrue as the packing of the metal atom lattice in the carbides is different from the packing in the pure metal , although it is technically correct that the carbon atoms fit into the octahedral interstices of a close-packed metal lattice .
 the lattice of the pure metal `` absorbs '' carbon atoms   can be seen  

 These types of integrals seem first to have attracted Laplace 's attention in 1782 where he was following in the spirit of Euler in using the integrals themselves as solutions of equations .
 These types of integrals   seem first  

 The turnout was 86.3 % and 99.73 % of the more than 477,000 votes cast were deemed valid .
 the more than 477,000 votes   cast  

 After the pin is sheared the engine is unable to provide propulsive power to the boat until an undamaged shear pin is fitted .
 an undamaged shear pin   is fitted  

 When the Moon is high in the sky there are no intervening objects , so the Moon appears close .
 the Moon   appears  

 The Copenhagen interpretation implies that the state of the two systems collapses into a definite state when one of the systems is measured .
 one of the systems   is measured  

 Roughly stated : are conflicts caused by who people are , whether that be defined in terms of ethnicity , religion or other social affiliation , or do conflicts begin because Civil war is in the economic best interests of individuals and groups to start them ?
 people   are  

 The one used here has been said to be based too strongly on Proto-Semitic ( Yakubovich 1998 ) .
 The one used here   has been said  

 Mehmet Ali Ağca entered Rome on May 10 , 1981 , coming by train from Milan .
 Mehmet Ali Ağca   coming  

 Portions of the Apollo 12 mission are dramatized in the miniseries From the Earth to the Moon episode entitled `` That 's All There Is '' .
 All   Is  

 After the frame was properly attached to the hull Mary Rose was slowly jacked up on four legs straddling the wreck site to pull the ship off the seabed .
 the frame   was properly attached  

 Private John G. Burnett later wrote , `` Future generations will read and condemn the act and I do hope posterity will remember that private soldiers like myself , and like the four Cherokees who were forced by General Scott to shoot an Indian Chief and his children , had to execute the orders of our superiors .
 I   do  

 The ultimate responsibility for this lay with Hitler , as Goebbels well knew , referring in Joseph Goebbels diary to a `` crisis of leadership , '' but Goebbels was too much under Hitler 's spell ever to challenge Joseph Goebbels power .
 Goebbels   well knew  

 ( Third-party manufacturers made motherboard slot-to-socket adapters ( nicknamed Slotkets ) available for a few dollars , which allowed , for example , a Celeron 500 to be fitted to a Slot 1 motherboard .
 a Celeron 500   to be fitted  

 The number of types continues to grow as more asteroids are studied .
 more asteroids   are studied  

 Similar commotions ensued in the other cities of Magna Graecia in which Pythagorean clubs had been formed .
 Pythagorean clubs   had been formed  

 The majority of conflicts narrated in the tales describe women torn between duty and desire .
 women   torn  

 The area is classified as a Seismic Zone III region , which means an earthquake of up to magnitude 6.5 on the Richter-scale may be expected .
 an earthquake of up to magnitude 6.5 on the Richter-scale   may be expected  

 A reporter for The Age agreed , stating that `` Beijing recently bought off a threat by Nauru to revert to Taiwan only six months after opening ties with the mainland , offering a large loan to Nauru 's near-destitute Government '' .
 A reporter for The Age   agreed  

 Both involve the precipitation of a fine solid in the syrup and when this is filtered out , a lot of the impurities are removed at the same time .
 this   is filtered out  

 On 14 December , M. W. Kellogg accepted an offer to construct the plant , which was codenamed K-25 .
 the plant   was codenamed  

 Pliny the Elder `` notes that the most auspicious wood for wedding torches came from the spina alba , the may tree , which bore many fruits and hence symbolised fertility '' .
 the most auspicious wood for wedding torches   may tree  

 This ring is a trimer of dimers : Rpt1/Rpt2 , Rpt6/Rpt3 , and Rpt4/Rpt5 dimerize via their N-terminal coiled-coils .
 Rpt1/Rpt2 , Rpt6/Rpt3 , and Rpt4/Rpt5   dimerize  

 The Demographics of Malaysia health care system requires doctors to perform a compulsory three years service with public hospitals to ensure that the manpower in these hospitals is maintained .
 the manpower in these hospitals   is maintained  

 US Joint Forces Command 's Joint Operating Environment 2010 issued this warning to all US military commands `` By 2012 , surplus oil production capacity could entirely disappear , and as early as 2015 , the shortfall in output could reach nearly 10 million barrels per day '' .
 surplus oil production capacity   could entirely disappear  

 In practice the number of shuffles required depends both on the quality of Shuffling and how significant non-randomness is , particularly how good the people playing are at noticing and using non-randomness .
 shuffles   required  

 The accusative case ( abbreviated ) of a noun is the grammatical case used to mark Accusative case verb .
 The accusative case   abbreviated  

 Their praise and analyses , emphasizing Jules Verne stylistic innovations and enduring literary themes , proved highly influential for literary studies to come .
 literary studies   to come  

 And thus we come up with the value of 1 DU , which is 2.69 × 1020 molecules per meter squared .
 2.69 × 1020 molecules per meter   squared  

 They were met with silence , as the citizens of Rome had locked themselves inside their houses as soon as the rumor of what had taken place had begun to spread .
 They   were met  

 Nature -- as Rousseau thought -- is better than the human being .
 Rousseau   thought  

 Those tourists staying on the island while Lindisfarne is cut off by the tide can experience the island in a much quieter state , as most day trippers leave before the tide rises .
 the tide   rises  

 The commutator of two operators acting on a Hilbert space is a central concept in quantum mechanics , since Commutator quantifies how well the two observables described by these operators can be measured simultaneously .
 the two observables described by these operators   can be measured simultaneously  

 The government of Foreign relations of Singapore believes that regional security , and by extension , Singapore 's security will be affected if the United States loses its resolve in Iraq .
 Singapore 's security   will be affected  

 When Germain 's correspondence with Gauss ceased , Sophie Germain took interest in a contest sponsored by the Paris Academy of Sciences concerning Ernst Chladni 's experiments with vibrating metal plates .
 Germain 's correspondence with Gauss   ceased  

 Malaysian Chinese businesses developed as part of the larger bamboo network , a network of overseas Chinese businesses operating in the markets of Southeast Asia that share common family and cultural ties .
 Malaysian Chinese businesses   developed  

 Stuart humorously wrote of J.E.B. Stuart rapid courtship in Latin , `` Veni , Vidi , Victus sum '' ( J.E.B. Stuart came , J.E.B. Stuart saw , J.E.B. Stuart was conquered ) .
 J.E.B. Stuart   was conquered  

 The English message in a Dutch passport is : In the name of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands , Prince of Orange-Nassau , etc. etc. etc , the Minister of Foreign Affairs requests all authorities of friendly powers to allow the bearer of the present passport to pass freely without let or hindrance and to afford the bearer every assistance and protection which may be necessary .
 the bearer of the present passport   to pass freely  

 However , Jules Verne continued to write and to pursue theatrical productions , and , according to the recollections of a colleague , Jules Verne `` did better in repartee than in business '' .
 Jules Verne   continued to write  

 ( Author Parker has been photographed on the Spenser (character) series dustjackets with a dog matching his description of the Pearls .
 Author Parker   dustjackets  

 At the end of the year , Piers Anthony managed to get a short story published .
 a short story   published  

 Beginning in the 1970s , Anderson 's historically grounded works were influenced by the theories of the historian John K. Hord , who argued that all empires follow the same broad cyclical pattern , in which the Terran Empire of the Dominic Flandry spy stories fit neatly .
 the same broad cyclical pattern   fit neatly  

 The British government considered using the Act against British subjects fighting for the International Brigade in the Spanish Civil War and the FNLA in the Angolan Civil War ; nothing happened .
 nothing   happened  

 However , an incident at the Savoy Grill , wherein Paul Robeson was refused to be seated , sparked Paul Robeson to issue a press release portraying the insult which subsequently became a matter of public debate .
 Paul Robeson   to be seated  

 Other sociologists of religion such as Fred Kniss have asserted that sectarianism is best described with regard to what a sect is in tension with .
 sectarianism   is best described  

 Barrels from an area in which Petroleum molecular characteristics have been determined and Petroleum has been classified are used as pricing references throughout Petroleum .
 Petroleum   has been classified  

 Broken windows policing was another , related approach introduced in the 1980s by James Q. Wilson and George L. Kelling , who suggested that police should pay greater attention to minor `` quality of life '' offenses and disorderly conduct .
 Broken windows   policing  

 Although in the 1920s Elgar 's music was no longer in fashion , Edward Elgar admirers continued to present Edward Elgar works when possible .
 Edward Elgar admirers   continued  

 Nim can also be played as a normal play game , which means that the person who makes the last move ( i.e. , who takes the last object ) wins .
 the person who makes the last move ( i.e. , who takes the last object )   wins  

 Milosevic later forced Panić to resign .
 Panić   to resign  

 Lady Margaret 's own son Henry VII ( and all English , British , and UK sovereigns who followed ) are descended from Gaunt and Swynford , Henry VII having come to the throne not through inheritance but by force of arms .
 Lady Margaret 's own son Henry VII ( and all English , British , and UK sovereigns   followed  

 On May 1 , 1921 , Dream Street was re-released , with love song added , at New York City 's Town Hall theater , qualifying Sound film -- however haphazardly -- as the first feature-length film with a live-recorded vocal sequence .
 love song   added  

 One such filmmaker , Frank Capra , created a seven-part U.S. government-sponsored series of films to support the war effort entitled Why We Fight ( 1942-5 ) .
 the war effort   entitled  

 Any classical language can be studied philologically , and indeed describing a language as `` classical '' is to imply the existence of a philological tradition associated with Philology .
 Any classical language   can be studied philologically  

 If Marcus Aurelius happen to call Marcus Aurelius an uneducated little Greek it will not mean war to the death '' .
 Marcus Aurelius   happen  

 Other focal-plane shutter designs , such as the Copal Square , travelled vertically - the shorter travelling distance of 24 millimetres ( as opposed to 36 mm horizontally ) meant that minimum exposure and flash synchronisation times could be reduced .
 minimum exposure and flash synchronisation times   could be reduced  

 Metatherians spread westward into modern North America ( still attached to Eurasia ) and then to South America , which was connected to North America until around 65 mya .
 modern North America ( still attached to Eurasia ) and then to South America   was connected  

 Like Charles IV of France brothers before Charles IV of France , Charles had died without a male heir , thus ending the direct line of the Capetian dynasty .
 Charles   had died  

 Nonetheless , a password can be fairly quickly picked with brute-force attack , because Microsoft Word speed is still high regardless of the CSP selected .
 the CSP   selected  

 Burke said , no , Sir , not more than usual -- You have and very well employed too , but there are none so deaf as those that w ` ont hear , and none so blind as those that w ` ont see -- Burke made a low bow , Sir , Edmund Burke certainly now understand you , but was afraid Edmund Burke vanity or presumption might have led Edmund Burke to imagine what Your Majesty has said referred to what Edmund Burke have done -- You can not be vain -- You have been of use to us all , it is a general opinion , is it not so Lord Stair ?
 You   very well employed too  

 Calvin had only intended to stay a single night , but William Farel , a fellow French reformer residing in the city , implored a most reluctant Calvin to stay and assist John Calvin in work of reforming the church there -- it was John Calvin duty before God , Farel insisted .
 a most reluctant Calvin   to stay  

 Starting in the 19th century , local heavy industry began to grow .
 local heavy industry   to grow  

 Coraline warn her , her task is still not done : the other mother 's severed hand is in Coraline 's world , attempting to steal the key which opens the door that connects the two worlds .
 her task   not done  

 The vowels so introduced have been called `` empty '' , `` null '' , `` extra '' , `` dead '' and other terms by various writers as Linear B represent no sound .
 The vowels   so introduced  

 668 -- The Neighbour of the Beast was slated as the title for a sequel to Good Omens , but after Neil Gaiman moved to the United States , Terry Pratchett expressed doubt that a sequel would be written .
 a sequel   would be written  

 If the rhinoceros beetle in Samoa were eradicated , Samoa could produce in excess of 40,000 metric tons ( 44,000 short tons ) of copra .
 Samoa   could produce  

 A study of 2010 analysed six human remains of a nomadic group , excavated from Pengyang , Northern China .
 a nomadic group   excavated  

 Issues related to the removal of Penectomy appear in psychology , for example in the condition known as castration anxiety , which happens as a result of a man having anxiety as to whether he may at some point become castrated .
 he   castrated  

 By the aftermath of World War I the colonies where the cotton was grown started to purchase and manufacture significant quantities of cotton spinning machinery .
 I   started to purchase  

 Despite Earl Warren lack of judicial experience , Earl Warren years in the Alameda County district attorney 's office and as state attorney general gave Earl Warren far more knowledge of the law in practice than most other members of the Court had .
 most other members of the Court   had  

 When the character 's future is determined , Oswald the Lucky Rabbit are planning a big splash .
 the character 's future   is determined  

 Rather than simply compiling a list of which sounds occur in a language , the Prague school sought to examine how Structuralism were related .
 a list of which   sounds  

 We here catch a glimpse of the circumstances which were winning over good men to monasticism in the West , though the evidence of an enthusiastic votary of the solitary life , such as Severus was , is probably not free from exaggeration .
 the circumstances   were winning  

 After Twin Peaks , they produced a series of documentaries titled American Chronicles ( 1990 ) which examined life across the United States , the comedy series On the Air ( 1992 ) , which was cancelled after only three episodes had aired , and the three-episode HBO mini-series Hotel Room ( 1993 ) about events that happened in the same hotel room but at different dates in time .
 documentaries   titled  

 High continues that the ship is big enough for all of the gods to travel aboard Skíðblaðnir with wargear and weapons in tow , and that , as soon as Skíðblaðnir sail is hoisted , the ship finds good wind , and goes wherever Skíðblaðnir need be .
 High   continues  

 Steal (poker) steal '' or `` blind steal '' ( depending on whether the game being played uses antes or blinds ) .
 Steal   steal  

 In January 2004 , Malaysia 's oil reserves were estimated to be , while natural gas reserves stood at 87 trillion standard cubic feet ( 2,460 km3 ) .
 Malaysia 's oil reserves   to be  

 Although Quantz wrote many pieces of music , mainly for the flute ( including around 300 flute concertos and 200 + sonatas ) , Johann Joachim Quantz is best known today as the author of Versuch einer Anweisung die Flöte traversiere zu spielen ( 1752 ) ( titled On Playing the Flute in English ) , a treatise on traverso flute playing .
 Johann Joachim Quantz   best known  

 Most French monarchists regard the descendants of Louis Philippe 's grandson , who hold the title Count of Paris , as the rightful pretenders to the French throne ; others , the Legitimists , consider Don Luis-Alfonso de Borbón , Duke of Anjou ( to Louis Philippe I supporters , `` Louis XX '' ) to be the rightful heir .
 others   consider  

 Compatibility contexts include the deprecated fixed-function APIs , equivalent to the ARB_compatibility extension released alongside OpenGL 3.1 , while core contexts do not .
 core contexts   do not  

 The `` Hugas '' of the poem are said to be a reference to Chauci .
 The `` Hugas '' of the poem   are said  

 Microscopy is the technical field of using microscopes to view samples and objects that can not be seen with the unaided eye ( objects that are not within the resolution range of the normal eye ) .
 samples and objects   can not be seen  

 The paper industry , which mainly traded in US dollars , was often blamed for demanding these devaluations to boost their exports .
 The paper industry   mainly traded  

 Notable members of the al-Aqsa Martyrs ' Brigade ( ordered lexicographically according to the last name ) includes active militants and militants that were killed or arrested by the Israeli security forces .
 active militants and militants   were killed  

 A report in The Economist suggested that the real benefit of loyalty cards to UK outlets is the massive database potential they offer .
 they   offer  

 At this time , Stephen King began writing a book titled Second Coming , later titled Jerusalem 's Lot , before finally changing the title to ` Salem 's Lot ( published 1975 ) .
 Salem 's Lot   published  

 James `` Stocky '' Edwards ( RCAF ) , who achieved 12 kills in the Curtiss P-40 Warhawk in North Africa , shot down German ace Otto Schulz ( 51 kills ) while flying a Kittyhawk with No. 260 Squadron RAF .
 51   kills  

 In Roman times Limburg (Netherlands) was thoroughly Romanized and many existing towns and cities like Mosa Trajectum ( Maastricht ) and Coriovallum ( Heerlen ) were founded .
 many existing towns and cities like Mosa Trajectum ( Maastricht ) and Coriovallum   were founded  

 One of the first actors is believed to be an ancient Greek called Thespis of Icaria .
 One of the first actors   is believed  

 For all John Updike fabled Protestantism , both American Puritan and Lutheran-Barthian , with its cold glitter , its insistence on the aching gap between God and John Updike creatures , Updike seems less like Hawthorne than Balzac , in John Updike unstopping and limitless energy , and John Updike cheerfully professional belief that stories can be continued ; the very form of the Rabbit books -- here extended a further instance -- suggests continuance .
 stories   can be continued  

 The South Sandwich Islands are uninhabited , though a permanently manned Argentine research station was located on Thule Island from 1976 to 1982 ( for details , see `` History '' section above ) .
 The South Sandwich Islands   are uninhabited  

 Even medium-sized towns of the era are known to have proliferations of towers , such as the 72 up to 51 m height in San Gimignano .
 Even medium-sized towns of the era   are known  

 While other groups of fish , such as cichlids , also possess pharyngeal teeth , Cypriniformes teeth grind against a chewing pad on the base of the skull , instead of an upper pharyngeal jaw .
 Cypriniformes teeth   grind  

 Milton Friedman was supportive of the state provision of some public goods that private businesses are not considered as being able to provide .
 private businesses   are not considered  

 A main source of detection comes when other research teams in fact fail or get different results .
 other research teams in fact   fail  

 Olive oil became a principal product of the Minoan civilization , where it is thought to have represented wealth .
 it   is thought  

 Private John G. Burnett later wrote , `` Future generations will read and condemn the act and I do hope posterity will remember that private soldiers like myself , and like the four Cherokees who were forced by General Scott to shoot an Indian Chief and his children , had to execute the orders of our superiors .
 Future generations   will read  

 The evidence given in the ICC K-factor article relates to the auto-pairing system , where the maximum ratings achieved are seen to be only about 2500 .
 the maximum ratings   achieved  

 The multielectron catalytic chemistry involved in making carbon-based fuels ( such as methanol ) from reduction of carbon dioxide is challenging ; a feasible alternative is hydrogen production from protons , though use of water as the source of electrons ( as plants do ) requires mastering the multielectron oxidation of two water molecules to molecular oxygen .
 The multielectron catalytic chemistry involved in making carbon-based fuels ( such as methanol ) from reduction of carbon dioxide   is challenging  

 ( After Politics of the People's Republic of China entry into the WTO , many new economically related laws have been put in place , while others have been amended .
 others   have been amended  

 The first theory , the emission theory , was supported by such thinkers as Euclid and Ptolemy , who believed that sight worked by the eye emitting rays of light .
 that sight   worked  

 After the war , LTTE 's main business has been people smuggling .
 people   smuggling  

 As Lee became more well known and Spike Lee work and comments were followed more closely , Spike Lee became embroiled in some controversies .
 known   Lee  

 While Joplin never made an audio recording , Scott Joplin playing is preserved on seven piano rolls for use in mechanical player pianos .
 Scott Joplin   playing  

 John Belushi think what happened to John had a sobering effect on a lot of people , John Belushi included , '' said music producer Bruce Robb .
 John Belushi   included  

 As the closing credits roll the Inquisitors race to the Old Bailey by double-decker bus , to the tune of `` Devil 's Galop '' , only to arrive just as the words `` THE END '' appear .
 the closing credits   roll  

 Generally these messages will contain directions on how to obtain more information , via a web site , hot line , radio program , et cetera ( as Propaganda is seen also for selling purposes among other goals ) .
 Propaganda   is seen also  

 These unexpected results lead researchers to try and fix what they think is an error in their method .
 researchers   to try  

 Saxophone reeds are proportioned slightly differently to clarinet reeds , being wider for the same length , although some soprano saxophonists use clarinet reeds on Saxophone .
 Saxophone reeds   are proportioned slightly differently  

 The multiple hypotheses proposed to explain the function of sleep reflect the incomplete understanding of Sleep .
 The multiple hypotheses   proposed  

 Heimkehrs introduction explicitly states that hundreds of thousands of Poles of German ethnicity suffered as the characters in the film did .
 hundreds of thousands of Poles of German ethnicity   did  

 Generally the visible spectrum ( vmag ) is used as a basis for Apparent magnitude , but other regions of the spectrum , such as the near-infrared J-band , are also used .
 other regions of the spectrum , such as the near-infrared J-band   are also used  

 Although Portugal officially abolished slavery in 1876 , the practice of forced paid labor continued .
 the practice of forced paid labor   continued  

 Others , however , have calculated through life cycle assessment that producing recycled paper uses less energy and water than harvesting , pulping , processing , and transporting virgin trees .
 Others   have calculated  

 When opening the box , the observer becomes entangled with Schrödinger's cat , so `` observer states '' corresponding to the cat 's being alive and dead are formed ; each observer state is entangled or linked with Schrödinger's cat so that the `` observation of Schrödinger's cat state '' and the `` cat 's state '' correspond with each other .
 each observer state   is entangled  

 While Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky father continued to hope Tchaikovsky would marry ( and may have been unaware of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky son 's orientation ) , other members of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky loving and supportive family remained more open-minded .
 Tchaikovsky   would marry  

 Amymone/Hypermnestra is represented with a water pitcher , a reminder of the sacred springs and lake of Lerna and of the copious wells that made Argos the `` well-watered '' and , by contrast , a reminder that her sisters were forever punished in Tartarus for their murderous crimes by fruitlessly drawing water in pitchers with open bases .
 Amymone/Hypermnestra   is represented  

 Anise liqueurs have the interesting property of turning from transparent to cloudy when added to water : the oil of anise remains in solution in the presence of a high concentration of alcohol , but crystallizes when the alcohol concentration is reduced ; this is known as the ouzo effect .
 the alcohol concentration   is reduced  

 The part of the Mandelbrot set connected to the main cardioid at this bifurcation point is called the p/q-limb .
 the Mandelbrot set   connected  

 In Islam , Predestination is the usual English language rendering of a belief that Muslims call al-qada wa al-qadar in Arabic .
 the usual English language   rendering  

 Although the nature of the supply differs between the races -- Terrans use physical supplies held in depots , Protoss use a psionic power nexus and Zerg are regulated by the number of controlling overlord units present -- the supply mechanic works in exactly the same way for each race ( with different side effects for each race ) , allowing players to create new units when there are sufficient resources to sustain them .
 the supply mechanic   works  

 We two , ours two ( `` Hum do , hamare do '' in Hindi ) is a slogan meaning one family , two children and is intended to reinforce the message of family planning thereby aiding Human population control .
 ours   is  

 The common interpretation of this has been that Achilles was romantically enamored of Penthesilea ( a view that appears to be supported by Pausanias , who noted that the throne of Zeus at Olympia bore Panaenus ' painted image of the dying Penthesilea being supported by Achilles ) .
 a view   appears  

 According to the historian Pliny , Italy had `` excellent olive oil at reasonable prices '' by the 1st century AD , `` the best in the Mediterranean '' , he maintained .
 he   maintained  

 In addition , Asteroids (video game) rotated , a new enemy dubbed a killer satellite was added to Asteroids (video game) , which would , when shot , break apart into three smaller ships that homed on the player 's position .
 a new enemy   dubbed  

 Zenobius is also said to have been the author of a Greek translation of the Latin prose author Sallust , which has been lost , and of a birthday poem on the emperor Hadrian .
 the Latin prose author Sallust   has been lost  

 As languages like French , German , and English became more widely known , use of a ` difficult ' auxiliary language seemed unnecessary -- while the argument that Latin could expand readership beyond a single nation was fatally weakened if , in fact , Latin readers did not compose a majority of the intended audience .
 the argument that Latin could expand readership beyond a single nation   was fatally weakened  

 As an example , in cement analysis , the concentration of oxygen ( which is not measured ) is calculated by assuming that all other elements are present as standard oxides .
 the concentration of oxygen   is not measured  

 Pandemonium , delerium tremens , raving , and above all , noise worse confounded !
 noise worse   confounded  

 Johannes Gutenberg grew up knowing the trade of goldsmithing '' .
 Johannes Gutenberg   grew up  

 Many Protestant churches are now organized by either congregational or presbyterian church polities , both descended from the writings of John Calvin , a Protestant reformer working and writing independently following the break with the Roman Catholic Church precipitated by The Ninety-Five Theses of Martin Luther .
 a Protestant reformer   working  

 According to the 2000 census , Coffee County, Alabama has a total area of , of which ( or 99.78 % ) is land and ( or 0.22 % ) is water .
 Alabama   has  

 A comprehensive government study of sexual attitudes , behaviors and relationships in Finland in 1992 ( age 18-75 , around 50 % both genders ) found that around 200 out of 2250 ( 8.9 % ) respondents `` agreed or strongly agreed '' with the statement `` I could maintain several sexual relationships at the same time '' and 8.2 % indicated a relationship type `` that best suits '' at the present stage of life would involve multiple partners .
 around 200 out of 2250 ( 8.9 % ) respondents   agreed  

 The gods grew weary , the eagles grew weary , the wound closed wearily.There remains the inexplicable mass of rock .
 the wound   closed  

 For instance , a chain consisting of one carbon ( a methyl group , CH3 ) with an OH group attached to the carbon is called `` methyl alcohol '' while a chain of two carbons ( an ethyl group , CH2CH3 ) with an OH group connected to the CH2 is called `` ethyl alcohol '' .
 an OH group   connected  

 In a 1990 interview , Julia Child said , `` Everybody is overreacting .
 Everybody   is overreacting  

 Semantic dispute is a disagreement that arises if the parties involved disagree about whether a particular claim is true , not because they disagree on material facts , but rather because they disagree on the definitions of a word ( or several words ) essential to formulating the claim at issue .
 a disagreement   arises  

 The context of this remark , however , suggests only that Aristotle thought that it could be rhetorically advantageous to appeal to such a law , especially when the `` particular '' law of ones ' own city was adverse to the case being made , not that there actually was such a law ; Aristotle , moreover , considered two of the three candidates for Jurisprudence suggested in this passage to be wrong .
 the case   being made  

 The problems other philosophers have had with Mill 's position center around the following issues : Firstly , Mill 's formulation encounters difficulty when it describes what direct experience is by differentiating only between actual and possible sensations .
 direct experience   is  

 To distinguish between what the pope should be , if one is necessary , and the pope as John Wycliffe appeared in Wycliffe 's day was the purpose of John Wycliffe book on the power of the pope .
 the pope   should be  

 In the key apportionment case Reynolds v. Sims ( 1964 ) Warren delivered a civics lesson : `` To the extent that a citizen 's right to vote is debased , Earl Warren is that much less a citizen , '' Warren declared .
 Warren   declared  

 These studies can give researchers an idea of how culture is central in determining how one acts .
 one   acts  

 There is also a record of an Elizabeth Aguirre of Petersfield , Hampshire ( died 1665 ) , who was the second wife of Josias White ( 1573 -- 1622 ) of Hornchurch , Essex , brother of John White (colonist and artist) the ` Patriarch of Dorchester ' , and son of a John White (colonist and artist) of Stanton St John , Oxfordshire ( 1540 -- before September 30 , 1618 ) , who afterwards married a Francis Drake ( 1573 -- 1634 ) of Walton-on-Thames , Surrey -- a first cousin once removed of Sir Francis Drake ( 1540 -- 1596 ) the famous explorer .
 Hampshire   died  

 Once the talks began , Joachim von Ribbentrop issued Sir John Simon an ultimatum .
 the talks   began  

 In 1951 Stanisław Lem published Stanisław Lem first book , Astronauci ( The Astronauts ) ; it was commissioned as juvenile SF and Lem was forced to include many references to the ` glorious future of communism ' in it .
 it   was commissioned  

 To abstract from the number of inputs , outputs and states , the variables are expressed as vectors and the differential and algebraic equations are written in matrix form ( the latter only being possible when the dynamical system is linear ) .
 vectors and the differential and algebraic equations   are written  

 Detective Synaesthesia 's special senses reveal that Ultima was involved in the drug dealings , likely having King Peacock placed in the competition to keep him from investigating .
 him   from investigating  

 Before the latter became terminally ill , Bismarck did not expect Otto von Bismarck would live to see Wilhelm ascend to the throne , and thus had no strategy to deal with Otto von Bismarck .
 Otto von Bismarck   would live  

 Two free particles may begin at the same point on the surface , traveling with the same constant speed in different directions .
 Two free particles   traveling  

 This is sometimes called Pierre-Auguste Renoir `` Ingres period '' , as Pierre-Auguste Renoir concentrated on Pierre-Auguste Renoir drawing and emphasized the outlines of figures .
 Pierre-Auguste Renoir   concentrated on Pierre-Auguste Renoir drawing  

 As American critic Charles Caffin wrote in 1907 : `` James Abbott McNeill Whistler did better than attract a few followers and imitators ; James Abbott McNeill Whistler influenced the whole world of art .
 James Abbott McNeill Whistler   did better  

 It received some of the best reviews of Brooks 's career and even critic Pauline Kael liked the film , saying that `` Brooks makes a leap up as a director because , although the comedy does n't build , Mel Brooks carries the story through ... Brooks even has a satisfying windup , which makes this just about the only comedy of recent years that does n't collapse '' .
 the only comedy of recent years   does n't collapse  

 University of Waterloo operates through a bicameral form of governance , the Board of Governors and the Senate , both enshrined in legislative act , the University of Waterloo Act , 1972 .
 University of Waterloo   operates  

 Stress appears to play a minor role with specific relaxation techniques not supported by the evidence .
 Stress   appears  

 The Aztec adaptation of the drink was a bitter , frothy , spicy drink called xocolatl , made much the same way as the Mayan chocolate drinks .
 the Mayan chocolate   drinks  

 Two Ilyushin Il-14 transports and a Mil Mi-8 helicopter were delivered in 1971 followed by two Antonov AN-24 transports .
 Two Ilyushin Il-14 transports and a Mil Mi-8 helicopter were delivered in 1971   followed  

 The climax of the evening is the lone piper on the castle battlements , playing a pibroch in memory of dead comrades in arms , followed by the massed pipe bands joining in a medley of traditional Scottish tunes .
 the lone piper on the castle battlements , playing a pibroch in memory of dead comrades in arms   followed  

 The score was written within a couple of weeks by Goodwin who was approached by George Pollock after Pollock had heard about him from Stanley Black .
 Goodwin   was approached  

 Arguably , the first mechanized infantry were 36 two-man infantry squads carried forward by Mark V Towards the end of World War I , all the armies involved were faced with the problem of maintaining the momentum of an attack .
 all the armies   involved  

 His body , outfitted with a wax head created because of problems preparing Mummy as Bentham requested , is on open display in the University College London .
 Bentham   requested  

 Viktor Hartmann , a Russian architect , even sketched a design of a monumental gate ( which was never built ) to commemorate the event .
 a monumental gate   was never built  

 Ciano complained in Joachim von Ribbentrop diary that Joachim von Ribbentrop arguments `` had no effect '' ( niente da fare ) on Ribbentrop , who simply refused to believe any information that did not fit in with Joachim von Ribbentrop preconceived notions .
 any information   did not fit in  

 Protestants occupied most church buildings , and those remaining were confiscated by the government of the Dutch Republic of Seven Provinces , which favoured Calvinism .
 those   remaining  

 In doing so Michael Ventris uncovered a great many clay tablets inscribed with an unknown script .
 a great many clay tablets   inscribed  

 For example , she refuses to wear frilly clothes , saying that Aunt Alexandra 's `` fanatical '' attempts to place her in them made her feel `` a pink cotton penitentiary closing in on her '' .
 a pink cotton penitentiary   closing in  

 Of the four Kittyhawk Wings , three had left the patrol area before a convoy of a 100 + enemy transports were sighted by 57 Group , who tallied 74 aircraft destroyed .
 74 aircraft   destroyed  

 The pair of chords is repeated with a transition from equal temperament to just temperament between the two chords .
 The pair of chords   is repeated  

 Zecharias Frankel outline of rabbinical marriage law , `` Grundlinien des Mosaisch-Talmudischen Eherechts '' ( Breslau , 1860 ) , was likewise meant to serve as a text-book on that subject , as was also Zecharias Frankel attempt at a history of the post-Talmudic literature of casuistry , `` Entwurf einer Geschichte der Literatur der Nachtalmudischen Responsen '' ( Breslau , 1865 ) , which , however , is the weakest of Zecharias Frankel works .
 Entwurf einer Geschichte der Literatur der Nachtalmudischen Responsen   works  

 Both Einstein 's and Reynolds 's forces appear to cause Crookes radiometer to rotate , although it still is n't clear which one is stronger .
 Crookes radiometer   to rotate  

 There were wrangles over land-usage : although a central feature of the Daimler-Benz development is a top shopping mall - the Arkaden ( Arcades ) , this did not form part of the plans until the Berlin Senate belatedly insisted that a shopping mall be included , and the plans were altered accordingly .
 a shopping mall   be included  

 The most intense series is widely regarded to be the `` Basebrawl '' series between USC and Arizona State in 1990 .
 The most intense series   is widely regarded  

 In response , Billy Wright (loyalist) had the newspaper 's offices bombed and issued a death threat to O'Hagan and anyone who worked for the paper .
 the newspaper 's offices   bombed  

 However , Orangutan do not seem to have any special social bonds with them .
 Orangutan   do not seem  

 The `` woman tone '' is the informal term used by Clapton to refer to Eric Clapton distinctive mid - to late-1960s electric guitar sound , created using Eric Clapton Gibson SG solid body guitar ( with Humbucker pick-ups ) and a Marshall tube amplifier .
 late-1960s electric guitar sound   created  

 Unlike divorce , mi'un was regarded with distaste by many rabbinic writers , even in the Talmud ; in earlier classical Judaism , one major faction - the House of Shammai - argued that such annulment rights only existed during the betrothal period ( erusin ) and not once the actual marriage ( nissu'in ) had begun .
 the actual marriage   had begun  

 Atari 2600 is the first release of a 2600 designed specifically for the Japanese market , despite companies like Epoch distributing the 2600 in Japan previously .
 a 2600   designed  

 Videos for Aphex Twin 's `` Come to Daddy '' and `` Windowlicker '' are perhaps Chris Cunningham best known .
 Videos for Aphex Twin 's `` Come to Daddy '' and `` Windowlicker   best known  

 Bentham , in discussing the relations of law and morality , found that when people discuss problems and issues Naturalistic fallacy talk about how Naturalistic fallacy wish Naturalistic fallacy would be as opposed to how Naturalistic fallacy actually is .
 how Naturalistic fallacy   actually is  

 Alhazen understanding of pinhole projection from Alhazen experiments appears to have influenced Alhazen consideration of image inversion in the eye , which Alhazen sought to avoid .
 Alhazen understanding of pinhole projection from Alhazen experiments   appears  

 An early 19th-century device employing this mechanism is the polygraph , which produces a duplicate of a letter as the original is written .
 the polygraph , which produces a duplicate of a letter as the original   is written  

 The radar mile is a unit of time ( in the same way that the light year is a unit of distance ) , equal to the time required for a radar pulse to travel a distance of two miles ( one mile each way ) .
 the time   required  

 In the first example , the pe - , which was primarily used as Linear B value pe of grid class CV , is being used for sper - , not in that class .
 pe   was primarily used  

 In 1996 , Mitchell agreed to release a greatest Hits collection when label Reprise also allowed Joni Mitchell a second Misses album to include some of the lesser known songs from Joni Mitchell career .
 label Reprise   also allowed  

 Coloratura contraltos -- who have light , agile voices ranging very high for the classification and atypically extensive coloratura and high sustaining notes -- specialize in florid passages and leaps .
 agile voices   ranging  

 Although most of the time the torch with the Olympic flame is still carried by runners , Olympic Flame has been transported in many different ways .
 Olympic Flame   has been transported  

 Mercenary is a person who takes part in an armed conflict , who is not a national or a party to the conflict and is `` motivated to take part in the hostilities essentially by the desire for private gain and , in fact , is promised , by or on behalf of a party to the conflict , material compensation substantially in excess of that promised or paid to combatants of similar ranks and functions in the armed forces of that Party '' .
 material compensation substantially in excess of that   promised  

 He `` criticized Freud and other theorists for projecting male constructs of sexuality onto women '' and `` viewed the clitoris as the main center of sexual response '' and the vagina as `` relatively unimportant '' for sexual satisfaction , relaying that `` few women inserted fingers or objects into their vaginas when they masturbated '' .
 they   masturbated  

 The collection of sets Σ is completed to include countably infinite operations .
 The collection of sets   is completed  

 He critically notes the following of perfumes : `` Perfumes are the most pointless of luxuries , for pearls and jewels are at least passed on the one 's heirs , and clothes last for a time , but perfumes lose their fragrance and perish as soon as Natural History (Pliny) are used '' .
 Natural History   are used  

 Robin Lane Fox suggests that the Latin borrowing of Greek elaion for oil ( Latin oleum ) is Olive oil a marker for improved Greek varieties of oil-producing olive , already present in Italy as Latin was forming , brought by Euboean traders , whose presence in Latium is signaled by remains of their characteristic pottery , from the mid-8th century .
 Latin   was forming  

 `` People 's desire to believe in the paranormal is stronger than all the evidence that Clairvoyance does not exist '' .
 all the evidence   does not exist  

 While protection across the Marine Park was improved , the highly protected zones increased from 4.5 % to over 33.3 % .
 protection across the Marine Park   was improved  

 These displayed values were obtained by adding the corporate income tax for each year with the corporate capital tax .
 These displayed values   were obtained  

 Class switching is triggered by cytokines ; the isotype generated depends on which cytokines are present in the B cell environment .
 the isotype   generated  

 The fair includes many things for visitors to watch , including a vintage car show , horse driving , pipe bands , highland dancing , many cooking demonstrations by renowned chefs , and a display by the famous RAF Aerobatic Team , the Red Arrows The fair also has several ` Have a go ' things to do , including clay pigeon shooting , a .22
 things   to do  

 If the missile starts to roll , the gyroscopic force of the disks drives the control surface into the airflow , cancelling the motion .
 the missile   to roll  

 Desiderius Erasmus doubt that either side in the dispute can be suppressed without grave loss '' .
 either side in the dispute   can be suppressed  

 Whether a rubber bushing can be replaced or repaired depends upon Propeller ; some can not .
 a rubber bushing   can be replaced  

 As Eurystheus prepared to attack , an oracle told Demophon that he would win if and only if a noble woman was sacrificed to Persephone .
 he   would win  

 This original version of Surfin ' the Highway went out of print in 1997 , becoming a high priced collectors item sold through services such as eBay .
 a high priced collectors item   sold  

 John Wycliffe teachings concerning the danger attaching to the secularizing of the Church put Wycliffe into line with the mendicant orders , since in 1377 Minorites were John Wycliffe defenders .
 the danger   attaching  

 Steven Spielberg has been nominated for seven Academy Awards for the category of Best Director , winning two of them ( Schindler 's List and Saving Private Ryan ) , and seven of the films Steven Spielberg directed were up for the Best Picture Oscar ( Schindler 's List won ) .
 Schindler 's List   won  

 A semantic dispute is a disagreement that arises if the parties involved disagree about whether a particular claim is true , not because Semantic dispute disagree on material facts , but rather because Semantic dispute disagree on the definitions of a word ( or several words ) essential to formulating the claim at issue .
 the parties   involved  

 Use of standard-of-care treatment in addition to an alternative technique being tested may produce confounded or difficult-to-interpret results .
 an alternative technique   being tested  

 The right incidentally extends to the pitch of St. James ' Park , Newcastle upon Tyne United Football Club 's ground , though this is not exercised , although the Freemen do collect rent for the loss of privilege .
 this   is not exercised  

 Microsoft Word macro security setting , which regulates when macros may execute , can be adjusted by the user , but in the most recent versions of Microsoft Word , is set to HIGH by default , generally reducing the risk from macro-based viruses , which have become uncommon .
 macros   may execute  

 The standardization for the means by which cases are brought , parties are informed , evidence is presented , and facts are determined is intended to maximize the fairness of any proceeding .
 cases   are brought  

 According to James W. Harrod , evidence for `` chimpanzee spirituality '' includes display of mourning , `` incipient romantic love '' , `` rain dance '' , appreciation of natural beauty such as a sunset over a lake , curiosity and respect towards wildlife ( such as the python , which is neither a threat nor a food source to chimpanzees ) , altruism toward other species ( such as feeding turtles ) and even `` animism '' or `` pretend play '' in chimps cradling and grooming rocks or sticks .
 chimps   cradling  

 Such a large decrease in the average temperature of Earth , sustained over a period of few years , is believed to be sufficient to trigger an ice age .
 Such a large decrease in the average temperature of Earth   is believed  

 Conrad seems to have used eminent writers ' texts as raw material of the same kind as the content of Joseph Conrad own memory .
 Conrad   seems  

 Palaeography finest period was from the 9th to the 12th century , after which Palaeography rapidly declined .
 Palaeography   rapidly declined  

 This play , by far Rostand 's most successful work , concentrates on Cyrano 's love for the beautiful Roxane , whom Cyrano de Bergerac is obliged to woo on behalf of a more conventionally handsome but less articulate friend , Christian de Neuvillette .
 Cyrano de Bergerac   to woo  

 Maya Lin belief in a space being connected and the transition from inside to outside being fluid , coupled with what a space means , has led Maya Lin to create some very memorable designs .
 a space   means  

 This is primarily due to the enhanced amount of precipitation intercepted and evaporated by conifer foliage during these periods .
 the enhanced amount of precipitation   intercepted  

 `` Giving Directions '' is the term for thinking and projecting an anatomically ideal map of how one 's body may be used effortlessly .
 one 's body   may be used effortlessly  

 With concave lenses , incoming parallel rays diverge after going through the lens , in such a way that Optics seem to have originated at an upright virtual image one focal length from the lens , on the same side of the lens that the parallel rays are approaching on .
 the parallel rays   are approaching  

 In some conditions , excitation of pain fibers becomes greater as the pain stimulus continues , leading to a condition called hyperalgesia .
 the pain stimulus   continues  

 Afraid of having to paint `` potboilers '' to make ends meet , Cassatt applied Mary Cassatt to produce some quality paintings for the next Impressionist exhibition .
 Afraid of having to paint `` potboilers   meet  

 The kings of Picts when Bede was writing were Bridei and Nechtan , sons of Der Ilei , who indeed claimed the throne through their mother Der Ilei , daughter of an earlier Pictish king .
 Bede   was writing  

 Regulatory action such as information disclosure , the separate accounting of Telecom New Zealand business operations , and enhanced Commerce Commission monitoring was announced .
 Regulatory action such as information disclosure , the separate accounting of Telecom New Zealand business operations , and enhanced Commerce Commission monitoring   was announced  

 A survey in , conducted by TNS Opinion and Social on behalf of the European Commission , showed that , for the European Union overall , those who think that Euroscepticism country 's interests are looked after well in the EU are now in a minority ( 42 % ) .
 Euroscepticism country 's interests   are looked  

 While the storylines and production were remembered by children , the adult jokes like those about the Welsh in `` Ivor the Engine , '' or the fact that the Clangers swore occasionally ; gave them both an instant parent engagement as well as a later revival with children who had grown up and were re-watching their favourite programmes .
 children   had grown up  

 In the sixth chapter , Jesus responded to the people 's claim that Moses provided them manna in the wilderness by saying that it was not Moses , but God , who provided .
 God   provided  

 When Siouxsie and the Banshees learned that one of the bands scheduled to play the 100 Club Punk Festival , organized by Sex Pistols manager Malcolm McLaren , pulled out from the bill at the last minute , Siouxsie suggested that she and Severin play , even though they had no band name or additional members .
 she and Severin   play  

 Arthur J. Stone ( 1847 -- 1938 ) , a leading American silversmith , was born , trained and worked in Sheffield , England , and Edinburgh , Scotland , before travelling to the United States in 1884 .
 Arthur J. Stone   trained  

 This caused the political parties of the three major races at the time , the UMNO ( representing Malays ) , the MCA ( representing Chinese ) , and the MIC ( representing Indians ) , to join and form the Alliance Party .
 the MIC   to join  

 The SANFL had been unwilling to field a South Australian side in the VFL until Port Adelaide Football Club could be done without negatively affecting football within the state .
 Port Adelaide Football Club   could be done  

 However , Super Bowl lost that game to the New York Giants 17 -- 14 , in large part due to a play that would become known as the Helmet Catch , in which Giants receiver David Tyree caught an Eli Manning pass by securing Super Bowl against the side of his helmet .
 an Eli Manning   pass  

 While Shotgun reloaded automatically after each shot like a semi-automatic , Shotgun had a break-action to load the first shell .
 Shotgun   reloaded automatically  

 Another is when the love theme that dominates the central portion of the symphonic poem Francesca da Rimini turns back on itself , unfolding in `` a new pattern against an old shape '' .
 the love theme that dominates the central portion of the symphonic poem Francesca da Rimini   unfolding  

 The first manga series titled was written and illustrated by Cain Kuga , distributed in North America by Tokyopop and was collected into two volumes .
 The first manga series   titled  

 In playback mode , a dull , loosely mounted stylus , attached to a rubber diaphragm , carried the reproduced sounds through an ear tube to Tape recorder listener .
 a dull , loosely mounted stylus   attached  

 Since the prison authorities would not allow Douglas to take the manuscript with Lord Alfred Douglas when Lord Alfred Douglas was released , Lord Alfred Douglas had to rewrite the entire work from memory .
 Lord Alfred Douglas   was released  

 This means that as members of the armed forces of Britain , India , and France these soldiers are not Mercenary soldiers per APGC77 Art 47 .
 This   means  

 Alexander is apparently mentioned in the Edicts of Ashoka , as one of the recipients of the Indian Emperor Ashoka 's Buddhist proselytism , although no Western historical record of this event remains .
 no Western historical record of this event   remains  

 For at least a portion of Star life , a star shines due to thermonuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium in Star core , releasing energy that traverses the star 's interior and then radiates into outer space .
 energy   traverses  

 The Captain 's Cockpit Voice Recorder channel showed two `` dropouts '' of background power harmonics in the second before the recording ended ( with the separation of the nose ) .
 the recording   ended  

 The three basic environmental principles that the Basic Environmental Law follows are `` the blessings of Environmental law should be enjoyed by the present generation and succeeded to the future generations , a sustainable society should be created where environmental loads by human activities are minimized , and Japan should contribute actively to global environmental conservation through international cooperation '' .
 a sustainable society   should be created  

 The extent to which Edmund Burke personally contributed to the Annual Register is contested .
 The extent to which Edmund Burke personally contributed to the Annual Register   is contested  

 El Bierzo is the only comarca whose juridical identity is explicitly recognized by the Castilian-Leonese Statute of Autonomy , although many other comarcas have been established .
 many other comarcas   have been established  

 Clement of Alexandria stresses that knowledge of God can only be achieved through faith once ones moral faults have been corrected .
 ones moral faults   have been corrected  

 Some divers report that Nitrogen narcosis have hearing changes , and that the sound Nitrogen narcosis exhaled bubbles make becomes different .
 bubbles   make  

 The FBI , from the start assuming that a criminal act had occurred , saw the NTSB as indecisive .
 a criminal act   had occurred  

 / int isSierpinskiCarpetPixelFilled ( int x , int y ) while ( x > 0 y > 0 ) / / when either of these reaches zero the pixel is determined to be on the edge / / at that square level and must be filled if ( x % 3The topic of Brownian motion on Sierpinski carpet has attracted interest in recent years .
 int   isSierpinskiCarpetPixelFilled  

 The Canal System is operated using money generated by Thruway tolls .
 The Canal System   is operated  

 If the French crown was to bestow or grant new lands to nobles , Philip declared , they would usually be given only from the second source : this was a double-edged announcement , at once reinforcing the core , unalienable powers of the crown , whilst also reassuring nobles that their lands were sacrosanct unless they were forfeited to the crown in punishment for a crime or misdemeanour .
 the French crown   to bestow  

 Some metals , such as lead and tin , are believed not to form Carbide under any circumstances .
 Some metals , such as lead and tin   are believed  

 Dominic , struck on the head by V for Vendetta , loses consciousness as he runs for safety , seeing Evey disguised as V before he passes out .
 he   passes out  

 A change in the electron distribution computed using the standard , unprecessional , Michel Parameters can be seen displaying a periodicity of π radians .
 Michel Parameters   can be seen  

 The high visibility and limited practical use of the weapon however led to Sword being abandoned within weeks , although most mounted cavalry continued to carry sabres throughout the War .
 most mounted cavalry   continued  

 By changing the shape of the plane , thousands of puzzles can be played ( although only a relatively small selection of these puzzles are available in print ) .
 thousands of puzzles   can be played  

 On 15 February 2010 , services between Brussels and London were interrupted following the Halle train collision , this time after the dedicated HSL 1 lines in the suburbs of the Belgian capital were blocked by debris from a serious train crash on the suburban commuter lines alongside .
 services between Brussels and London   were interrupted  

 She was followed by Nawaz Sharif , and over the next decade the two leaders fought for power , alternating in office while Pakistan situation worsened ; economic indicators fell sharply , in contrast to the 1980s .
 Pakistan situation   worsened  

 Yet as Joseph Conrad ideas were borne out by ensuing 20th-century events , in due course Joseph Conrad came to be admired for beliefs that seemed to accord more closely with subsequent times than with Joseph Conrad own .
 subsequent times than with Joseph Conrad   own  

 Players cheating on a VAC-enabled server risk having their account permanently banned from all VAC-secured servers .
 a VAC-enabled server risk   permanently banned  

 In early 2000 , The Telegraph announced that the search for Velazquez 's body would be abandoned : `` A CAR park is to be built over what is widely believed to be the site of the tomb of Velazquez , one of Spain 's greatest artists , after the authorities abandoned attempts to find Diego Velázquez body ... thought to have been buried in Madrid at the Iglesia de San Juan Bautista .
 the search for Velazquez 's body   would be abandoned  

 However , whether Syncopation 's a placed rest or an accented note , any point in a piece of music that moves your perspective of the downbeat is a point of syncopation because Syncopation 's shifting where the strong and weak accents are built '' .
 the strong and weak accents   are built  

 Somalia also assures the independence of the judiciary , which in turn is protected by a judicial committee ; b ) a three-tier judicial system including a supreme court , a court of appeals , and courts of first instance the laws of the civilian government which were in effect prior to the military coup d'état that saw the Barre regime into power remain in force until the laws are amended .
 the laws   are amended  

 Whaling stations operated under leases granted by the ( British ) Governor of the Falkland Islands .
 Whaling stations   operated  

 Then Andrei Sakharov came , in Andrei Sakharov words , to `` the theory of symmetry : all governments and regimes to a first approximation are bad , all peoples are oppressed , and all are threatened by common dangers '' .
 all peoples   are oppressed  

 The latter word may be the derivation of words to denote German/Germanic people in many later Slavic languages : e.g. , Czech , Slovak , Slovene Nemec , Belarusian , Russian and Bulgarian , Serbian , Serbian , Bosnian and Croatian , Polish , Ukrainian , etc. , but another theory states that rather these words are derived from the name of the Nemetes tribe , which is derived from the Celtic root nemeto - .
 the Nemetes tribe   is derived  

 Many of Kornbluth 's novels were written as collaborations : either with Judith Merril ( using the pseudonym Cyril Judd ) , or with Frederik Pohl .
 Many of Kornbluth 's novels   were written  

 Patrick Roy won the William M. Jennings Trophy , given to the goaltenders of the team with fewest goals scored against .
 fewest goals   scored  

 Also missing are many of Plutarch Lives which appear in a list of Plutarch writings , those of Hercules , the first pair of Parallel Lives , Scipio Africanus and Epaminondas , and the companions to the four solo biographies .
 Also missing are many of Plutarch   Lives  

 Whether these poems are meant to be autobiographical is not known , although elements of other parts of Sappho 's life do make appearances in Sappho work , and it would be compatible with Sappho style to have these intimate encounters expressed poetically , as well .
 these poems   are meant  

 Canace was also the subject of Euripides ' lost play Aeolus , on which the extant versions appear to be based .
 the extant versions   to be based  

 A fan of Philip K. Dick , author of `` We Can Remember it For You Wholesale , '' the short story upon which the film was based , Cronenberg related ( in the biography/overview of David Cronenberg work , Cronenberg on Cronenberg ) that his dissatisfaction with what he envisioned the film to be and what it ended up being pained David Cronenberg so greatly that for a time , David Cronenberg suffered a migraine just thinking about it , akin to a needle piercing his eye .
 his dissatisfaction with what he envisioned the film   to be  

 Although the pairings in a group of 23 people are not statistically equivalent to 253 pairs chosen independently , Birthday problem becomes less surprising if a group is thought of in terms of the number of possible pairs , rather than as the number of individuals .
 a group   is thought  

 It is expected that a first-principles solution of the equations of QCD will demonstrate a similar duality of quark-pion descriptions .
 It   is expected  

 The more time that has elapsed since the last civil war , the less likely Civil war is that a conflict will recur .
 a conflict   will recur  

 The only longer lifetime for an unstable subatomic particle is that for the free neutron , a baryon particle composed of quarks , which also decays via the weak force .
 quarks   decays  

 A little later there are a number of figures of large-eyed priests and worshippers , mostly in alabaster and up to a foot high , who attended temple cult images of the deity , but very few of these have survived .
 very few of these   have survived  

 Thorough vacuuming , washing linens in hot water , and treating all hosts in the immediate environment ( the entire household , for example ) are essential and if possible on a regular basis .
 Thorough   vacuuming  

 In middle age Mel Brooks became one of the most successful film directors of the 1970s , with many of Mel Brooks films being among the top ten money makers of the year that they were released .
 they   were released  

 This condensed structural formula implies a different connectivity from other molecules that can be formed using the same atoms in the same proportions ( isomers ) .
 other molecules   can be formed  

 The Praetor peregrini did not select a jurisdiction whose rules of law should apply .
 a jurisdiction   should apply  

 On 23 April , the British Government clarified in a message that was passed via the Swiss Embassy in Buenos Aires to the Argentine government that any Argentine ship or aircraft that was considered to pose a threat to British forces would be attacked '' .
 any Argentine ship or aircraft that was considered to pose a threat to British forces   would be attacked  

 Lex Luthor is a `` megavillain '' by comic book critic Peter Sanderson , one of a few genre-crossing villains whose adventures take place `` in a world in which the ordinary laws of nature are slightly suspended '' .
 the ordinary laws of nature   are slightly suspended  

 Coupled with his dense and elliptical Latin , these tangential references indicate that the intended reader of Satires (Juvenal) was highly educated .
 the intended reader of Satires   was highly educated  

 When the Council of Europe was established , Lévy became Chief of Flag of Europe Department of Culture .
 the Council of Europe   was established  

 The counting also involves weeks ; thus , the seventh day is commemorated , `` Today is the seventh day , which is one week in the Omer '' .
 the seventh day   is commemorated  

 As de Tocqueville observed , the Puritan 's biblical outlook gave America a moral dimension which the Old World lacked .
 de Tocqueville   observed  

 John, King of England also used revenue generation as a way of exerting political control over the barons : debts owed to the crown by John, King of England favoured supporters might be forgiven ; collection of those owed by enemies was more stringently enforced .
 favoured supporters   might be forgiven  

 The Greater Vancouver Regional District ( GVRD ) is made up of 21 municipalities .
 The Greater Vancouver Regional District   is made up  

 Where both the plaintiffs and the defendants have been organized into court-approved classes , Class action is called a bilateral class action .
 both the plaintiffs and the defendants   have been organized  

 John VII 's predecessor , Pope Sergius Pope Constantine had declared that Pope Constantine would rather die than subscribe to the council .
 Pope Constantine   would rather die  

 Deerhurst is notable among Anglo-Saxon buildings for the many features of the period which can be observed .
 the period   can be observed  

 England continued to enjoy a monopoly on the production of Pencil until a method of reconstituting the graphite powder was found .
 a method of reconstituting the graphite powder   was found  

 Angelo Casanova , Professor of Greek Literature at the University of Florence , finds in Prometheus a reflection of an ancient , pre-Hesiodic trickster-figure , who served to account for the mixture of good and bad in human life , and whose fashioning of humanity from clay was an Eastern motif familiar in Enuma Elish ; as an opponent of Zeus he was an analogue of the Titans , and like them was punished .
 he   was punished  

 Silvio Berlusconi has never been tried on charges relating to Cosa Nostra , although several Mafia turncoats have stated that Silvio Berlusconi had connections with the Sicilian criminal association .
 Silvio Berlusconi   has never been tried  

 These long-term storage options are also known as data at rest , i.e. data stored , not in transit .
 i.e. data   stored  

 Also , for chess engines , Elo rating system is dependent on the machine a program runs on .
 the machine   runs  

 This marriage , which took place soon after the death of the Frankish ruler Theudebald in 555 , is thought to reflect Audoin 's decision to distance Alboin from the Byzantines , traditional allies of the Lombards , who had been lukewarm when it came to supporting Audoin against the Gepids .
 This marriage , which took place soon after the death of the Frankish ruler Theudebald in 555   is thought  

 Despite this , the German lyrics are often sung by choirs or ordinary people when Anthem of Europe is played : for example , at the 2004 enlargement on the German-Polish border , the crowd watching the ceremony playing the music sang along with the German lyrics .
 Anthem of Europe   is played  

 But what Telecommunications in Sweden did do was push the new entrants to enter other markets .
 Telecommunications in Sweden   did do  

 There were accusations that Gutsch and others sought to divide top management , although this was regarded by others as sour grapes on the part of executives who were shut out of planning that involved the acquisitions of Tandem and Digital Equipment Corp. Compaq was hit with two class-action lawsuits , as a result of several executives selling $ 50 million USD of stock before a conference call with analysts , where they noted that demand for PCs was slowing down .
 PCs   was slowing down  

 Schrödinger's cat can be interpreted to mean that while the box is closed , the system simultaneously exists in a superposition of the states `` decayed nucleus/dead cat '' and `` undecayed nucleus/living cat , '' and that only when the box is opened and an observation performed does the wave function collapse into one of the two states .
 an observation   performed  

 Martin was contacted by Sid Coleman of Ardmore & Beechwood , who told George Martin about Brian Epstein , the manager of a band George Martin had met .
 George Martin   had met  

 In 1934 , Sati Sulochana , the first Kannada talking picture to be released , was shot in Kolhapur , Maharashtra ; Srinivasa Kalyanam became the first Tamil talkie actually shot in Tamil Nadu .
 the first Kannada talking picture   to be released  

 Schrödinger's cat can be interpreted to mean that while the box is closed , the system simultaneously exists in a superposition of the states `` decayed nucleus/dead cat '' and `` undecayed nucleus/living cat , '' and that only when the box is opened and an observation performed does the wave function collapse into one of the two states .
 the box   is opened  

 The Mane ( also called Mani ) , southern members of the Mande language group , were a warrior people , well-armed and well-organized , who lived east and possibly somewhat north of present-day Sierra Leone , occupying a belt north of the coastal peoples .
 a warrior people , well-armed and well-organized   lived east  

 Motorola was found to be the main source of the TCE , an industrial solvent that is thought to cause cancer .
 Motorola   was found  

 Together with Diomedes , Odysseus went to fetch Achilles ' son , Pyrrhus , to come to the aid of the Achaeans , because an oracle had stated that Troy could not be taken without him .
 Odysseus   went  

 Oliver Cromwell appears to have taken a role in some of this group 's political manoeuvres .
 Oliver Cromwell   appears  

 Although the French chronicler Jean Froissart called Joan of Kent `` the most beautiful woman in all the realm of England , and the most loving '' , the appellation `` Fair Maid of Kent '' does not appear to be contemporary .
 the appellation   does not appear  

 Flash memory is non-volatile , retaining Programmable logic device contents even when the power is switched off .
 the power   is switched off  

 The earliest surviving olive oil amphorae date to 3500 BC ( Early Minoan times ) , though the production of olive is assumed to have started before 4000 BC .
 the production of olive   is assumed  

 Due to the history of apartheid , the Constitution of South Africa , very supreme as Politics of South Africa is characterized , has momentous information that asks for the protection of the people 's freedom ; ( refer to the Human rights section below ) .
 Politics of South Africa   is characterized  

 Most individuals will be offered clear liquids the day after the surgery , then progress to a regular diet when the intestines start to function properly .
 the intestines   start  

 As people age , the lens becomes less flexible and the near point recedes from the eye , a condition known as presbyopia .
 people   age  

 Such an endeavor could allow future solar-sailed craft to effectively utilize focused energy from other stars rather than from the Earth or Sun , thus propelling them more swiftly through space and perhaps even to more distant stars .
 Such an endeavor   could allow  

 What they really liked was the idea of the Blitzkrieg , of London being on fire , of the country being destroyed .
 they   really liked  

 Open enrollment refers to educational policies which allow residents of a state to enroll School choice children in any public school , provided the school has not reached School choice maximum capacity number for students , regardless of the school district in which a family resides .
 educational policies which allow residents of a state to enroll School choice children in any public school   provided  

 The ethnic composition of the bearers of the Przeworsk culture ( 2nd century BCE to the 4th century CE , associated with the Lugii ) of central and southern Poland , northern Slovakia and Ukraine , including the Zarubintsy culture ( 2nd century BCE to the 2nd century CE , also connected with the Bastarnae tribe ) and the Oksywie culture are other candidates .
 The ethnic composition of the bearers of the Przeworsk culture ( 2nd century BCE to the 4th century CE , associated with the Lugii ) of central and southern Poland , northern Slovakia and Ukraine , including the Zarubintsy culture ( 2nd century BCE to the 2nd century CE   also connected  

 Japanese and US cars were fitted with an optional Torsen LSD , which was far more durable than the previous viscous differential .
 Japanese and US cars   were fitted  

 Adrasteia is the Cosmos : `` its zones are golden , and two circular joins curve around each of them ; the seams are concealed , as a twisting dark blue pattern .
 the seams   are concealed  

 Although Commodore VIC-20 was criticized in print as being underpowered , the strategy worked .
 Commodore VIC-20   as being underpowered  

 Donne is noted for John Donne poetic metre , which was structured with changing and jagged rhythms that closely resemble casual speech ( it was for this that the more classical-minded Ben Jonson commented that `` Donne , for not keeping of accent , deserved hanging '' ) .
 Donne , for not keeping of accent   hanging  

 Casualty figures are based on the estimated population inside the lethal area when Little Boy detonated .
 Little Boy   detonated  

 In 545 Belisarius returned to Italy , where he found the situation had changed greatly .
 the situation   had changed greatly  

 He showed , among other things , that the formulas of many cobalt ( III ) and chromium ( III ) compounds can be understood if Ligand has six ligands in an octahedral geometry .
 the formulas of many cobalt ( III ) and chromium ( III ) compounds   can be understood  

 Some elements of Sharia law were re-introduced , and the ritual phrase `` Allahu Akbar '' ( `` God is great '' ) , in Saddam 's handwriting , was added to the national flag .
 Some elements of Sharia law   were re-introduced  

 When Servetus mentioned that John Calvin would come to Geneva if Calvin agreed , Calvin wrote a letter to Farel on 13 February 1546 noting that if Servetus were to come , John Calvin would not assure John Calvin safe conduct : `` for if John Calvin came , as far as John Calvin authority goes , John Calvin would not let John Calvin leave alive '' .
 John Calvin authority   goes  

 Dick 's former wife Tessa claims that the published screenplay `` has been heavily edited , and others have added material to the screenplay that Phil wrote '' , though she suggests that `` film producers really ought to take a look at the author 's own screenplay before embarking upon their journey of interpretation '' .
 the published screenplay   has been heavily edited  

 Briefly , this is a theoretical construct denoting the set of tasks a child is capable of performing with guidance , but not alone .
 a child   of performing  

 Two triangles are said to be similar if every angle of Triangle has the same measure as the corresponding angle in Triangle .
 Two triangles   are said  

 Accounts that the vagina is capable of producing Orgasm continue to be subject to debate because , in addition to the vagina 's low concentration of nerve endings , the G-Spot 's location is inconsistent and appears to be nonexistent in some women , and may be an extension of another structure ( such as the Skene 's gland or the clitoris , which is a part of the Skene 's gland ) .
 the vagina   of producing  

 The square 's dedication was timed to coincide with release of Francis Ford Coppola 's Heart of Darkness-inspired film , Apocalypse Now .
 The square 's dedication   to coincide  

 How Breathalyzers work : Alcohol that is not processed by the liver goes to the heart .
 Breathalyzers   work  

 When Baghdad fell to U.S-led forces on 9 April , marked symbolically by the toppling of Saddam Hussein statue by iconoclasts , Saddam was nowhere to be found .
 Saddam   to be found  

 Thus the way Jury trial voted was kept secret because the jurists would hold their disk by the axle by thumb and forefinger , thus hiding whether Jury trial axle was hollow or solid .
 Jury trial   voted  

 The Family Planning and Population Board ( FPPB ) was established , initially advocating small families but eventually running the Stop at Two programme , which pushed for small two-children families and promoted sterilisation .
 The Family Planning and Population Board ( FPPB   was established  

 The terms `` integrated drive electronics '' ( IDE ) , `` enhanced IDE '' and `` EIDE '' have come to be used interchangeably with ATA ( now Parallel ATA , or PATA ) .
 The terms `` integrated drive electronics '' ( IDE ) , `` enhanced IDE '' and `` EIDE   to be used interchangeably  

 Wood 's characters in Rebel Without a Cause , The Searchers ( 1956 , a classic western directed by John Ford ) and Marjorie Morningstar ( 1958 ) began to show Natalie Wood range of acting style widening considerably , observes Tibbetts .
 acting style   widening considerably  

 As these fall Thunderstorm melt to become rain .
 these   fall  

 Ossietzky 's international rise to fame began in 1936 when , already suffering from serious tuberculosis that was not being treated , Carl von Ossietzky was awarded the 1935 Nobel Peace Prize .
 serious tuberculosis   was not being treated  

 Other solutions used includes Makkink , which is simple but must be calibrated to a specific location , and Hargreaves .
 Other solutions   used  

 Lee seems to examine Jem 's sense of loss about how his neighbors have disappointed him more than Scout 's .
 Lee   seems  

 During a 2010 lecture at the University of Missouri , which was broadcast by C-Span , Dr. Mueller has also argued that the threat from Nuclear weapon , by terrorists and governments alike , has been exaggerated , both in the popular media and by officials .
 the threat from Nuclear weapon , by terrorists and governments alike   has been exaggerated  

 Whereas most of the isotopes of ununtrium can be synthesized directly this way , some heavier ones have only been observed as decay products of elements with higher atomic numbers .
 most of the isotopes of ununtrium   can be synthesized directly  

 According to the patriarchal customs , the firstborn son in every family used to perform the functions connected with God 's worship .
 the functions   connected  

 The Eurostar logos have been removed from these sets , but the base colours of white , black , and yellow remain .
 the base colours of white , black , and yellow   remain  

 Eventually Brazil decided to stop trading with Germany once Germany started attacking offshore trading ships resulting in Germany declaring a blockade against the Americas in the Atlantic Ocean .
 Germany   started  

 One of the land developers benefiting from sales by OI&S was Paul Murphy , whose Oswego Lake Country Club helped promote the new city as a place to `` live where you play '' .
 you   play  

 The United States Department of Defense definition , found in the Dictionary of Military and Associated Terms , is `` Action designed to detect and counteract sabotage .
 The United States Department of Defense definition   is  

 At around the same time as the battlecruiser was developed , the distinction between the armored and the unarmored cruiser finally disappeared .
 the battlecruiser   was developed  

 While penile erections are commonly believed to indicate dreams with sexual content , Sleep are not more frequent during sexual dreams than Sleep are during nonsexual dreams .
 penile erections   are commonly believed  

 A stop is called `` fully voiced '' if Plosive is voiced during the entire occlusion .
 A stop   voiced  

 ... Now Stephen Jay Gould main subject is the evolution of form , and the problem of how it is that you can get this diversity amid so little genetic difference , so far as we can tell , is a very interesting one .
 we   can tell  

 The Blue Network became ABC officially on June 15 , 1945 , after the sale was completed .
 the sale   was completed  

 As early as the 7th century the word 天皇 ( which can be read either as sumera no mikoto , divine order , or as tennō , Heavenly Emperor , the latter being derived from a Tang Chinese term referring to the Pole star around which all other stars revolve ) began to be used .
 the word   to be used  

 Even once a peace treaty had been signed , South Sea Company was allowed to send only one ship per year to Spain 's American colonies ( not one ship per colony ; exactly one ship ) , carrying a cargo of not more than 500 tons .
 a peace treaty   had been signed  

 The outer `` back '' of sapwood , approximately flat , follows the natural growth rings ; modern bowyers often thin the sapwood , while in the Mary Rose bows the back of the bow was the natural surface of the wood , only the bark being removed .
 only the bark   being removed  

 The diversified technique is the most often applied technique at 93 % , followed by the Activator mechanical-assisted technique at 41 % .
 the most often applied technique at 93 %   followed  

 Motorola 68020 has a coprocessor interface supporting up to eight coprocessors .
 a coprocessor interface   supporting  

 The Florida subspecies ( T. m. latirostris ) has been known to live up to 60 years .
 The Florida subspecies   has been known  

 James Hannam says that , while most historians do think something revolutionary happened at this time , that `` the term ` scientific revolution ' is another one of those prejudicial historical labels that explain nothing .
 James Hannam   says  

 This linear relation is accurate up to about age 30 , after which Cardiology diagnostic tests and procedures mildly underestimates typical maximum attainable heart rates achievable by healthy individuals .
 typical maximum attainable heart rates   achievable  

 In the sixteenth century , the island began to be settled by refugees , due to the warfare between the Ottomans and Venetians .
 the island   to be settled  

 On 11 April 2006 , the Israeli Cabinet deemed that Ariel Sharon was incapacitated .
 Ariel Sharon   was incapacitated  

 purported rationale in greater historical accuracy , likely indicates `` some historical license taken when an African-American farmhand is allowed to escort a white woman to the box dance .
 an African-American farmhand   is allowed  

 Musicologists such as David Brown have maintained that Tchaikovsky `` felt tainted within Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky , defiled by something from which Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky finally realized Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky could never escape '' .
 Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky   could never escape  

 According to Scott Joplin wife Lottie , Joplin never forgot Weiss and in Scott Joplin later years , when Scott Joplin achieved fame as a composer , sent Scott Joplin former teacher `` gifts of money when Scott Joplin was old and ill , '' until Weiss died .
 Weiss   died  

 Lüdeken quotes as a Barnum Hagius as his source for the exotic scripts used , while their true ( anonymous ) author was Andreas Müller .
 the exotic scripts   used  

 National Security Agency also had a ` privacy mechanism ' ; surveillance was stored encrypted ; decryption required a warrant .
 a ` privacy mechanism   encrypted  

 Pressing the Country button had the same effect except that full sensitivity was enabled so that the very next available station would be selected .
 the very next available station   would be selected  

 Residential architectural styles vary , with Victorian terrace houses being most common in the inner city regions , while single detached family homes with mid to large gardens are prevalent in the suburbs .
 Residential architectural styles   vary  

 The name of the plant bears no relation to Chile , the country , which is named after the Quechua chin ( `` cold '' ) , tchili ( `` snow '' ) , or chilli ( `` where the land ends '' ) .
 the land   ends  

 The third phase began when most of the atmosphere was consumed .
 most of the atmosphere   was consumed  

 In January 2006 , space historian Dwayne A. Although the name of the location was obscured , the context led Day to believe that the subject was Groom Lake .
 the name of the location   was obscured  

 Although Marshall McLuhan was a fixture in media discourse in the late 1960s , Marshall McLuhan influence began to wane in the early 1970s .
 Marshall McLuhan influence   began  

 When Emilia arrives , Othello tries to justify his actions by accusing Desdemona of adultery .
 Emilia   arrives  

 Even if there was no formal precontract it is possible that Eleanor Talbot 's name was used because Lady Eleanor Talbot was known to have been one of the king 's lovers .
 Lady Eleanor Talbot   was known  

 Instead Elo rating system switched to a logistic distribution model , which the USCF found provided a better fit for the actual results achieved .
 the actual results   achieved  

 The Bear River Mountains , the northernmost extension of the Wasatch Range , which reach as high as 10,000 feet ( 3048 m ) , cover the eastern half of the county .
 the northernmost extension of the Wasatch Range   reach as high  

 These lines occur in no other manuscript of Satires (Juvenal) , and when discovered were considerably corrupted .
 when discovered   considerably corrupted  

 The Precambrian fossil record indicates that life appeared soon after the Earth was formed .
 the Earth   was formed  

 Embryonic pharyngeal slits , which form in many animals when the thin branchial plates separating pharyngeal pouches and pharyngeal grooves perforate , open the pharynx to the outside .
 the thin branchial plates separating pharyngeal pouches and pharyngeal grooves   perforate  

 A sum of gold was mentioned to have been sent as a reward for Palamedes 's treachery .
 A sum of gold   was mentioned  

 According to Freud 's ideas , all subjective reality was based on the play of basic drives and instincts , through which the outside world was perceived .
 the outside world   was perceived  

 Much can be learned by observing the QRS morphology ( named for the respective portions of the polarization/repolarization waveform of the wave , P , Q , R , S , T wave ) .
 Much   can be learned  

 The term centre left describes a position within the political mainstream .
 The term centre   left  

 Three months after a British man claimed he had been tortured by Saudi police , a revised criminal code was issued in May 2002 .
 a British man   claimed  

 With so many people involved , security was a difficult task .
 so many people   involved  

 The earliest accounts of these seizures were made by the biographer Suetonius , who was born after Julius Caesar died .
 Julius Caesar   died  

 Chimpanzees were amongst the animals affected during the Toba eruption , hinting that Toba ash extended far west as Africa .
 Toba ash   extended far west  

 In the Treaty of Berwick , Charles regained custody of Charles I of England Scottish fortresses and secured the dissolution of the Covenanters ' interim government , albeit at the decisive concession that both the Scottish Parliament and General Assembly of the Scottish Church were called .
 both the Scottish Parliament and General Assembly of the Scottish Church   were called  

 With the rise of education , cheap newspapers and cheap printing , modern concepts of fame and celebrity began to develop , and the beneficiaries of this were not slow to cash in on this by producing autobiographies .
 the rise of education , cheap newspapers and cheap printing , modern concepts of fame and celebrity   began  

 As time went on and popularity grew , small restaurants , called Hoagie shops and Sub shops , that specialized in Submarine sandwich began to open .
 time   went on  

 Murray Rothbard would go on to support Democrat Adlai Stevenson in that year 's election , `` largely as the only way to get the Wall Street incubus off the back of the Republican Party '' .
 Murray Rothbard   would go on  

 He escapes by forcing the Mouth 's Roger Dascombe into one of his own Fawkes costumes ; the police then gun Dascombe down , thinking he is V. Investigating , Finch is introduced to Peter Creedy , a petty crook who has replaced Almond as head of the Finger .
 He   escapes  

 Dancers can be seen doing similar moves as female dancers wear similar designed outfits in Jackson 's video .
 Dancers   can be seen  

 As soon as Murray published Margaret Murray theory Margaret Murray received criticism from other historians who had studied the Early Modern witch trials .
 Murray   published  

 Successful completion of these operations was to be followed by an advance eastwards into Tunisia .
 Successful completion of these operations   to be followed  

 The heart of Najd is the area of the Jabal Tuwayq , an arc-shaped ridge with a steep west face that rises between 100 and 250 meters above the plateau .
 a steep west face   rises  

 Masters and Johnson argued that , in the first stage , `` accessory organs contract and the male can feel the ejaculation coming ; two to three seconds later the ejaculation occurs , which the man can not constrain , delay , or in any way control '' and that , in the second stage , `` the male feels pleasurable contractions during ejaculation , reporting greater pleasure tied to a greater volume of ejaculate '' .
 greater pleasure   tied  

 These measures were only partially successful : after further skirmishes in which shots were fired , barbed wire entanglements were stretched across some roads , a foretaste of things to come .
 things   to come  

 The word missile comes from the Latin verb mittere , meaning `` to send '' .
 The word missile comes from the Latin verb   mittere  

 The education system features a non-compulsory kindergarten education followed by six years of compulsory primary education , and five years of optional secondary education .
 a non-compulsory kindergarten education   followed  

 Those were magneto-acoustic waves with a frequency of about 1 millihertz ( mHz , corresponding to a 1,000 second wave period ) , that carry only about 10 % of the energy required to heat Corona .
 the energy   required  

 The genus Candida includes about 150 different species ; however , only a few are known to cause human infections .
 only a few   are known  

 Although Manchester influence has waned Granada had been described as ` the best commercial television company in the world ' .
 Manchester influence   has waned  

 The discipline of ancient Indian scripts and the languages Palaeography are written needs new scholars who , by adopting traditional palaeographic methods and modern technology , may decipher , study and transcribe the various types of epigraphs and legends still extant today .
 Palaeography   are written  

 As Christophe Pallier noted , `` Before the child begins to speak and to perceive , the uncommitted cortex is a blank slate on which nothing has been written .
 the child   begins  

 Although Sellers was reportedly in the process of excluding Frederick from Peter Sellers will a week before Peter Sellers died , she inherited almost Peter Sellers entire estate worth an estimated # 4.5 million ( # in pounds ) while Peter Sellers children received # 800 each ( # in pounds ) .
 Peter Sellers   died  

 The proportion of devices on the wafer found to perform properly is referred to as the yield .
 The proportion of devices on the wafer   found to perform properly  

 Recently , two randomized , controlled trials of MDMA-assisted psychotherapy for post-traumatic stress disorder were published .
 two   randomized  

 In nuclear physics , the following fundamental relationship governs radioactive decay : the number of radioactive atoms N in a sample of a radioactive isotope decays at a rate proportional to N .
 the number of radioactive atoms N in a sample of a radioactive isotope   decays  

 In Lippman 's world , Journalism role was to inform the public of what the elites were doing .
 the elites   were doing  

 Standup comic Ross Noble , a Newcastle native , has been known to make jokes about being Geordie .
 Standup comic Ross Noble   has been known  

 These shotguns were fitted with bayonets and a heat shield so the barrel could be gripped while the bayonet was deployed .
 the bayonet   was deployed  

 The first form of life to develop on the Earth were microbes , and Nature remained the only form of life on the planet until about a billion years ago when multi-cellular organisms began to appear .
 multi-cellular organisms   to appear  

 The sacramentarians , headed by Œcolampadius of Basel , were , as Erasmus says , quoting Desiderius Erasmus as holding views similar to their own in order to try to claim Desiderius Erasmus for their schismatic and `` erroneous '' movement .
 Erasmus   says  

 Main article List of Missouri highways Several highways , detailed below , traverse Missouri .
 Several highways   detailed below  

 The final game show to air on NBC 's daytime schedule was the short-lived Caesars Challenge , which ended in January 1994 .
 The final game show   to air  

 The minimalist soundtrack features a memorable deep-toned electronic `` heartbeat '' , which quickens as the asteroid density is reduced by the player 's fire .
 a memorable deep-toned electronic `` heartbeat   quickens  

 As the speed of sound in water is around 1,500 metres per second , the time interval , measured in milliseconds , between the pulse being transmitted and the echo being received , allows bottom depth and targets to be measured .
 the echo   being received  

 José Bové campaigned for a `` No '' vote in the French referendum on the EU Constitution in 2005 ( the proposal was defeated ) .
 the proposal   was defeated  

 In the case of Dr Alfred Steinschneider , two decades and tens of millions of research dollars were lost trying to find the elusive link between infant sleep apnea , that Steinschneider said he had observed and recorded in his laboratory and claimed was a precursor of sudden infant death syndrome ( SIDS ) .
 he   had observed  

 Heimkehrs introduction explicitly states that hundreds of thousands of Poles of German ethnicity suffered as the characters in the film did .
 German ethnicity   suffered  

 Although Hindenburg disaster newsreel footage was filmed on the port side of the ship like the other videos , Hindenburg disaster newsreel footage has often been shown mirrored .
 Hindenburg disaster newsreel footage   mirrored  

 Although Curtiss P-40 Warhawk gained a post-war reputation as a mediocre design , suitable only for close air support , recent research including scrutiny of the records of individual Allied squadrons , indicates that the P-40 performed surprisingly well as an air superiority fighter , at times suffering severe losses but also taking a very heavy toll of enemy aircraft .
 the P-40   performed surprisingly well  

 The most famous pyramids are the Egyptian pyramids -- huge structures built of brick or stone , some of which are among the world 's largest constructions .
 huge structures   built  

 The name of the sister ship of Mary Rose , the Peter Pomegranate , is believed to have been named in honour of Saint Peter , founder of the Christian church , and the badge of the Queen Catharine of Aragon , a pomegranate .
 The name of the sister ship of Mary Rose   is believed  

 Once this shift occurs , Acting becomes a semiotic device communicating a set of signs to the audience .
 this shift   occurs  

 More than half of the Christians ( whether practizing or not ) are Roman Catholic , the remaining ones comprising members of traditional Protestant churches as well as of new , often Pentecostal communities .
 More than half of the Christians   practizing  

 When Moses at first declined to go to Pharaoh , saying : `` O Aaron Lord , send , Aaron pray thee , by the hand of Aaron whom thou wilt send '' ( Exodus 4:13 ) , Aaron was unwilling to deprive Aaron , Aaron brother , of the high position the latter had held for so many years ; but the Lord reassured Aaron , saying : `` Behold , when Aaron seeth thee , Aaron will be glad in Aaron heart '' .
 thou wilt   send  

 Proponents of Behaviorism argued that language may be learned through a form of operant conditioning .
 language   may be learned  

 Oort cloud is thought to be a remnant of the original protoplanetary disc that formed around the Sun approximately 4.6 billion years ago .
 Oort cloud   is thought  

 Johnny Depp was arrested again in 1999 for brawling with paparazzi outside a restaurant while dining in London with Paradis .
 Johnny Depp   for brawling  

 Hiring Petree turned out to be beneficial , as the No. 3 GM Goodwrench Chevy returned to the front in 1993 .
 Hiring Petree   turned out  

 A biological pesticide to control Locust was being tested across Africa by a multinational team in 1997 .
 A biological pesticide   to control  

 Ariel Sharon sent a small scout force , which was met with heavy fire and became bogged down due to vehicle malfunction in the middle of the pass .
 a small scout force   was met  

 Septuagint is also useful for elucidating pre-Masoretic Hebrew : many proper nouns are spelled out with Greek vowels in the LXX , while contemporary Hebrew texts lacked vowel pointing .
 vowel   pointing  

 An electron which enters the channeltron is accelerated to the wall , where X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy removes more electrons , in such a way that an electron avalanche is created , until a measurable current pulse is obtained .
 a measurable current pulse   is obtained  

 This forms the foundation for a secure operating system which , if certain critical parts are designed and implemented correctly , can ensure the absolute impossibility of penetration by hostile elements .
 certain critical parts   implemented correctly  

 Marc Maurer , President of the National Federation of the Blind , criticised Singer 's appointment to the Princeton Faculty in a banquet speech at the organisation 's national convention in July 2001 , claiming that Singer 's support for euthanizing disabled babies could lead to disabled older children and adults being valued less as well .
 disabled older children and adults   being valued less as well  

 The council of state is called to deal with the crisis of how to cook Satires (Juvenal) , where the fish can neither be cooked by conventional means due to Satires (Juvenal) size , nor can Satires (Juvenal) be cut into pieces .
 The council of state   to deal  

 Russell 's piece is both a tribute and a biting indictment of the racism Johnson faced : `` here comes Jack Johnson , like Jack Johnson (boxer) owns the town , there 's a lot of white Americans like to see a man go down ... like to see a black man drown '' .
 Johnson   faced  

 Even when Property keeps to proper legislative form , though , Locke held that there are limits to what a government established by such a contract might rightly do .
 a government established by such a contract   might rightly do  

 Legislative power is exercised through the unicameral National Assembly of People 's Power , which is constituted as the maximum authority of the state .
 Legislative power   is exercised  

 Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg state of health seems to be the most likely explanation for this .
 Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg state of health   seems  

 However as late as 1852 , the canal carried thirteen times more freight tonnage than all the railroads in New York State combined ; Erie Canal continued to compete well with the railroads through 1902 , when tolls were abolished .
 all the railroads in New York State   combined  

 Because the young couple had `` kept company '' , they were considered `` married without benefit of clergy '' .
 they   married  

 Before the production closed A Little Night Music recouped A Little Night Music initial investment .
 the production   closed  

 The payment to the government was to be used to buy in any debt not subscribed to the scheme , which although South Sea Company helped the government also helped the company by removing possibly competing securities from the market , including large holdings by the Bank of England .
 any debt   not subscribed  

 Fagel spent four months in jail while the strike continued .
 the strike   continued  

 It made Ballard known to a wider audience , although the books that followed failed to achieve the same degree of success .
 the books   followed  

 ( This ambiguity does not occur when tone marks are used : The two tone marks in Xīān unambiguously show that the word consists of two syllables .
 tone marks   are used  

 J. R. R. Tolkien later wrote , `` Junior officers were being killed off , a dozen a minute .
 Junior officers   were being killed off  

 The largest taxonomic family is commonly thought to be the Curculionidae ( the weevils or snout beetles ) , but recently the Staphylinidae ( the rove Beetle ) have claimed this title .
 The largest taxonomic family   is commonly thought  

 Although some feel the show 's quality declined over the years , Last of the Summer Wine continued to receive large audiences for the BBC and was praised for Last of the Summer Wine positive portrayal of older people and family-friendly humour .
 Last of the Summer Wine   continued  

 The NPRC proved to be nearly as ineffectual as the Momoh-led APC government in repelling the RUF .
 The NPRC   proved  

 Sacrifice was offered to Tellus on the bride 's behalf ; a sow is the most likely victim .
 Sacrifice   was offered  

 When a caution came out with 15 laps to go , leader Terry Labonte got hit from behind by the lapped car of Darrell Waltrip .
 a caution   came out  

 Therefore his new rating is ( 1613 + 32 × ( 2.5 − 2.867 ) ) = 1601 , assuming that a K-factor of 32 is used .
 a K-factor of 32   is used  

 In the third book , John Calvin describes how the spiritual union of Christ and humanity is achieved .
 the spiritual union of Christ and humanity   is achieved  

 The 2006 music video for `` If Everyone Cared '' by Nickelback ends with Margaret Mead quote : `` Never doubt that a small group of committed people can change the world .
 Everyone   Cared  

 However , during infancy , children do begin to babble .
 children   to babble  

 Peter Singer grandparents were less fortunate : Peter Singer paternal grandparents were taken by the Nazis to Łódź , and were never heard from again ; Peter Singer maternal grandfather died in the Theresienstadt concentration camp .
 Peter Singer paternal grandparents   to Łódź  

 And in turn , the chemical element cerium ( discovered 1803 ) was named after the dwarf planet .
 the chemical element cerium   discovered  

 One study found that about 12 % of gay men find Anal sex too painful to pursue , and concluded that the perception of anal sex as painful is just as likely to be psychologically or emotionally based as Anal sex is to be physically based .
 Anal sex   to be physically based  

 When the group becomes upset at the question , Satisficing is not because this person is wrong to ask , but rather because Satisficing have come up with a solution that works .
 Satisficing   have come up  

 In the common pronunciation of papa , the initial p is aspirated while the medial p is not .
 the medial p   is not  

 Keats reached Rome on 14 November , by which time any hope of the warmer climate John Keats sought had disappeared .
 any hope of the warmer climate   had disappeared  

 When Aslan is first mentioned in The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , for example , the narrator says that `` None of the children knew who Aslan was , any more than you do '' -- which is nonsensical if one has already read The Magician 's Nephew .
 Aslan   was  

 These traits were well matched to the tune-writing ability of Carrie Jacobs-Bond ( 1862 -- 1946 ) , with whom Paul Laurence Dunbar collaborated .
 These traits   were well matched  

 Boolean search engines typically only return items which match exactly without regard to order , although the term boolean search engine may simply refer to the use of boolean-style syntax ( the use of operators AND , OR , NOT , and XOR ) in a probabilistic context .
 items   match  

 When World War I broke out , Banach was excused from military service due to Stefan Banach left-handedness and poor vision .
 World War I   broke out  

 During the tryouts of Rodgers and Hart 's Best Foot Forward in 1941 , Hammerstein had assured Rodgers that if Hart was ever unable to work , he would be willing to take his place .
 Hart   to work  

 As Frederick Douglass and Brown 's family testified , John Brown (abolitionist) strategy was essentially to deplete Virginia of its slaves , causing the institution to collapse in one county after another , until the movement spread into the South , essentially wreaking havoc on the economic viability of the pro-slavery states .
 Frederick Douglass and Brown 's family   testified  

 Although the upper parts of the three portals are treated separately , two sculptural elements run horizontally across the façade , uniting Chartres Cathedral different parts .
 the upper parts of the three portals   are treated separately  

 After the album was released , Bob Egan was replaced by multi-instrumentalist Leroy Bach .
 the album   was released  

 According to original studies , Hg I2a2 was believed to have arisen in the west Balkans sometime after the LGM , subsequently spreading from the Balkans through Central Russian Plain .
 Hg I2a2   was believed  

 Filming , which began in 1972 , took place at night in some abandoned stables , allowing the production team , which was largely Lynch and some of David Lynch friends , including Sissy Spacek , Jack Fisk , cinematographer Frederick Elmes and sound designer Alan Splet to set up a camera room , green room , editing room , sets as well as a food room and a bathroom .
 the production team , which was largely Lynch and some of David Lynch friends , including Sissy Spacek , Jack Fisk , cinematographer Frederick Elmes and sound designer Alan Splet to set up a camera room , green room , editing room ,   sets  

 On one of Cortez 's most notable emeralds he had the text engraved Inter Natos Mulierum non sur-rexit mayor ( `` Among those born of woman there hath not arisen a greater , '' Matthew 11:11 ) which referred to John the Baptist .
 the text   engraved  

 Charles Darwin conjectured that the male beard , as well as the relative hairlessness of humans compared to nearly all other mammals , are results of sexual selection .
 Charles Darwin   conjectured  

 Henry Jenner on asking someone what he was doing was told `` Ta mee smokal pipe '' ( I am smoking a pipe ) , and that `` and he certainly considered that he was talking Manx , and not English , in saying it '' .
 he   was doing  

 All further - and higher-education organisations in the UK are connected to the Janet network , as are all the Research Councils ; the majority of these sites are connected via 20 metropolitan area networks ( though Janet refers to these as Regional Networks , emphasising that Janet connections are not just confined to a metropolitan area ) across the UK .
 the majority of these sites   are connected  

 ( B 1.24-30 ) It is with respect to this religious/mystical context that recent generations of scholars such as Alexander P. Mourelatos , Charles H. Kahn , and the controversial Peter Kingsley have begun to call parts of the traditional , rational logical/philosophical interpretation of Parmenides into question ( Kingsley in particular stating that Parmenides practiced iatromancy ) .
 recent generations of scholars such as Alexander P. Mourelatos , Charles H. Kahn , and the controversial Peter Kingsley   have begun  

 He theorized that this temperature change was due to `` calorific rays '' which would be in effect a type of light ray that could not be seen .
 light ray   could not be seen  

 The classic telling is the Argonautica of Apollonius of Rhodes , composed in mid-third century BC Alexandria , recasting early sources that have not survived .
 early sources   have not survived  

 These Spanish traders and explorers eventually found a more southerly route than Escalante had traveled , which became known as the Spanish Trail .
 Escalante   had traveled  

 The wheel turns backwards because the black sides cool more quickly than the silver sides .
 the black sides   cool more quickly  

 The final scene in which all the main characters gather and sing `` God Bless America '' became a subject of heated debate among critics when the film was released .
 the film   was released  

 The brains of the `` outfit '' is Hal Kines , who has had plastic surgery so that he looks much younger than he really is , this being how he gets hold of the young women whom he then turns into prostitutes .
 he   really is  

 Despite the image of a healthy and virile king that Louis sought to project , evidence exists to suggest that Louis 's health was not all that good .
 evidence   exists  

 While the procedure at this hospital is funded by the PEI government , travel expenses are not .
 travel expenses   are not  

 A specialized technique called `` meend '' involves pulling the main melody string down over the bottom portion of the sitar 's curved frets , with which Sitar can achieve a seven semitone range of microtonal notes ( it should be noted , however , that because of the sitar 's movable frets , sometimes a fret may be set to a microtone already , and no bending would be required ) .
 the main melody   string down  

 When Albuquerque died , Manuel Afonso de Albuquerque renamed the child `` Afonso '' in Afonso de Albuquerque father 's memory .
 Albuquerque   died  

 In 1950 , Pope defined the Assumption of Mary as dogma , the only time that Pope has spoken ex cathedra since Pope infallibility was explicitly declared .
 Pope infallibility   was explicitly declared  

 Those who believe that the Queen saw Brown as little more than a servant point to the fact that after John Brown (servant) death she became similarly attached to an Indian servant , Abdul Karim ( the Munshi ) , one of two who had come to work for her in late June 1887 .
 two   had come  

 A new underground main-line station or Regionalbahnhof ( Bahnhof Potsdamer Platz ) has also been constructed , opened on 26 July 2006 .
 A new underground main-line station or Regionalbahnhof   has also been constructed  

 The bishops , who were divided , satisfied themselves with forbidding John Wycliffe to speak further on the controversy .
 The bishops   were divided  

 Ealdred was one of a few native Englishmen who William appears to have trusted , and Ealdred (bishop) death led to fewer attempts to integrate Englishmen into the administration , although such efforts did not entirely stop .
 William   appears  

 A third alternative to fulfil a vacancy is to hold a single-winner by-election ( effectively instant-runoff ) ; this allows each party to choose a new candidate and all voters to participate .
 a new candidate and all voters   to participate  

 This ` gestalt ' or ` whole form ' approach sought to define principles of perception -- seemingly innate mental laws that determined the way objects were perceived .
 objects   were perceived  

 Atticus establishes that the accusers -- Mayella and her father , Bob Ewell , the town drunk -- are lying .
 the accusers   are lying  

 Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg , however , seems to have had a preference for Gustavus Adolphus .
 Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg   seems  

 The immunity enjoyed by witnesses began also to be whittled down or interfered with by the parliament in England in 1540 with subornation of perjury and , in 1562 , with perjury proper .
 The immunity enjoyed by witnesses   began also  

 Once the palaces were destroyed , Linear B disappeared .
 the palaces   were destroyed  

 Another important issue is that Miller asks for an interpretation of what the `` average '' person finds offensive , rather than what the more sensitive persons in the community are offended by , as obscenity was defined by Miller test , the Hicklin test , stemming from the English precedent .
 Miller   asks  

 The algorithm assigns each triangle in the terrain Priority queue , usually related to the error decrease if that triangle would be split .
 that triangle   would be split  

 The Spanish traveller Pedro Tafur , noting Liguria from sea in 1436 , remarked `` To one who does not know Liguria , the whole coast from Savona to Genoa looks like one continuous city , so well inhabited is it , and so thickly studded with houses , '' and today over 80 % of the regional population still lives permanently near to the coast , where all the four major cities above 50,000 are located : Genoa ( pop .
 all the four major cities above 50,000   are located  

 Those who depart from this tradition derive the name from the same root but in an active sense , `` he who draws out '' , in the sense of `` saviour , deliverer '' .
 he   draws out  

 The modernist movement , at the beginning of the 20th century , marked the first time that the term avant-garde , with which the movement was labeled until the word `` modernism '' prevailed , was used for the arts ( rather than in Modernism original military and political context ) .
 the word `` modernism   prevailed  

 Several of these objects are not only unique in having such an early , definite dating , but also because they pre-date written records of their use ; protractors would have reasonably been used to measure distance on maps , but sea charts are not known to have been used by English navigators during the first half of the 16th century , compasses were not depicted on English ships until the 1560s , and the first mention of a logreel is from 1574 .
 sea charts   are not known  

 George Martin stepped down when it came to producing the two new singles reuniting McCartney , Harrison and Starr , who wanted to overdub two old Lennon demos .
 it   came  

 In 1997 , the uniforms were slightly modified , with the main logo removed from the caps and replaced with an `` M '' and the alternative jersey was removed .
 the main logo removed from the caps and replaced with an `` M '' and the alternative jersey   was removed  

 `` The weight of a citizen 's vote can not be made to depend on where Earl Warren lives .
 The weight of a citizen 's vote   can not be made  

 Many tax rates set by local councils proved to be much higher than earlier predictions , leading to resentment even among people who had supported Tax per head .
 Many tax rates set by local councils   proved  

 The trio 's 2000 studio recording , entitled `` Do n't Be Scared Anymore '' , received reviews of `` This album is like the soundtrack to the world 's coolest vacation '' from All About Jazz and `` Jazz-rock in the truest sense '' from Allmusic .
 The trio 's 2000 studio recording   entitled  

 Despite the controversy , the United Nations proceeded to created a mandate in Kosovo , in which the province technically remained a part of Serbia ( or the FRY as it was then ) , but was completely autonomous .
 the United Nations   proceeded  

 Emily Shelby is averse to this idea because she had promised her maid that her child would never be sold ; Emily 's son , George Shelby , hates to see Tom go because he sees the man as his friend and mentor .
 Tom   go  

 The Chewa attacked the Akafula , who settled in small family clans without a unified system of protection .
 the Akafula   settled  

 These have included Bob Lazar , who claimed in 1989 that he had worked at Area 51 's `` Sector Four ( S-4 ) '' , said to be located underground inside the Papoose Range near Papoose Lake .
 These have included Bob Lazar   said  

 If rotary pumps are operated at high speeds , the fluids cause erosion , which eventually causes enlarged clearances that liquid can pass through , which reduces efficiency .
 rotary pumps   are operated  

 Based on background signage seen throughout the New 52 books ( including Justice League ) , LexCorp also exists .
 LexCorp   also exists  

 Alexander governed tyrannically , and according to Diodorus , differently from the former rulers , but Polyphron , at least , seems to have set Alexander of Pherae the example .
 Alexander   governed tyrannically  

 Macdonald had allegedly sent the telegram to Allan six days before the 1872 election which read : `` I must have another $ 10,000 .
 the 1872 election   read  

 So , it is maintained that Eugene Wigner splits when there is an irreversible difference between Wigner in the world where the cat survived and Wigner 's counterpart in the world where the cat died .
 the cat   died  

 A Time review of The Hour of Decision noted Oswald Spengler international popularity as a polemicist , observing that `` When Oswald Spengler speaks , many a Western Worldling stops to listen '' .
 Oswald Spengler   speaks  

 The book ends with some hope for peace , because the colonists are more willing to negotiate than the Earth government has been telling Time Out of Joint citizens .
 the colonists   to negotiate  

 In the case of parallelization , Amdahl 's law states that if P is the proportion of a program that can be made parallel ( i.e. , benefit from parallelization ) , and ( 1 − P ) is the proportion that can not be parallelized ( remains serial ) , then the maximum speedup that can be achieved by using N processors is .
 the proportion   can not be parallelized  

 A Vicious Circle ( 1996 ) is a novel by Amanda Craig which dissects and satirizes contemporary British society .
 Amanda Craig   dissects  

 The novel ends during a three-way dialogue between Marcus , Will and Fiona where Will , to see if Marcus has truly changed , proposes the idea that he play a Joni Mitchell song on Fiona 's piano , which she immediately becomes enthusiastic of .
 Marcus   has truly changed  

 Episodes that ended on a particularly sombre tone , such as `` Monday-Tuesday '' and `` Yesterday 's News '' , used only appropriately sombre music to accompany the end credits .
 Episodes that ended on a particularly sombre tone , such as `` Monday-Tuesday '' and `` Yesterday 's News   used  

 May 22 , 2012 , `` Google Inc. ( NASDAQ : GOOG ) announced today that the acquisition of Motorola Mobility Holdings , Inc. ( NYSE : MMI ) has closed , with Google acquiring MMI for $ 40.00 per share in cash '' .
 the acquisition of Motorola Mobility Holdings   has closed  

 was created on October 7 , 1997 , as Tricon Global Restaurants , Inc. an independent company , as a result of a spin-out of the former fast food division of PepsiCo , which owned and franchised the KFC , Pizza Hut , and Taco Bell brands worldwide .
 PepsiCo   owned  

 Dana Delany , who provided the voice of Lois in , also appears .
 Dana Delany   also appears  

 Sonars which act as beacons are fitted to aircraft to allow Sonar location in the event of a crash in the sea .
 beacons   are fitted  

 After Steve Ditko recovered and moved back to New York City in late 1955 , Ditko began drawing for Atlas Comics , the 1950s precursor of Marvel Comics , beginning with the four-page `` There 'll Be Some Changes Made '' in Journey into Mystery No. 33 ( April 1956 ) ; this debut tale would be reprinted in Marvel 's Curse of the Weird No. 4 ( March 1994 ) .
 Steve Ditko   recovered  

 From then on Rabbeinu HaKadosh stopped coming , since Judah ha-Nasi did not want Judah ha-Nasi coming to become public knowledge .
 Rabbeinu HaKadosh   coming  

 An asymptotically normal estimator is a consistent estimator whose distribution around the true parameter θ approaches a normal distribution with standard deviation shrinking in proportion to as the sample size n grows .
 the sample size   n grows  

 Ostrogoths were seen going to and from , in every conceivable relation of friendship and enmity with the Eastern Roman power , until , just as the West Goths had done before them , Ostrogoths passed from the East to the West .
 Ostrogoths   were seen  

 Although Anthony Trollope had arrived with a bad character from London , Anthony Trollope new supervisor resolved to judge Anthony Trollope on Anthony Trollope merits ; by Trollope 's account , within a year Anthony Trollope had the reputation of a valuable public servant .
 Anthony Trollope new supervisor   resolved  

 The United Nations sanctions placed upon Iraq when it invaded Kuwait were not lifted , blocking Iraqi oil exports .
 The United Nations sanctions   were not lifted  

 In The Star Fox , Poul Anderson unfavorable depiction of a future peace group called `` World Militants for Peace '' indicates clearly where Poul Anderson stood with regard to the Vietnam War , raging when the book was published .
 the book   was published  

 This project , known as Hilbert 's program , was seriously affected by Gödel 's incompleteness theorems , which show that the consistency of formal theories of arithmetic can not be established using methods formalizable in those theories .
 the consistency of formal theories of arithmetic   can not be established  

 Older pieces of jewellery that have been found were dedicated to the Gods .
 Older pieces of jewellery   have been found  

 Baer also designed a putting game , which used a golf ball fixed to the top of a joystick which the player would hit using a putter .
 a golf ball   fixed  

 When the cell is being charged , Electrode becomes the positive and the cathode the negative electrode .
 the cell   is being charged  

 Men in Black ( 1997 ) , starring Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith as Agent K and Agent J respectively , was based on Lowell Cunningham 's comic book about a secret organization that monitors and suppresses alien activity on Earth -- Men in Black from Aircel Comics .
 a secret organization   monitors  

 Graduate education was inaugurated in 1928 when courses at the master 's degree level were offered in cooperation with the University of Michigan .
 courses at the master 's degree level   were offered  

 The tributary system was considerably tightened to keep Xiongnu under Han supervision .
 The tributary system   was considerably tightened  

 When Diary of a Camper was created , no software tools existed to edit demo files into films .
 Diary of a Camper   was created  

 Jet stream are fast flowing , narrow air currents found in the atmospheres of some planets , including Earth .
 Jet stream   are fast flowing  

 Another reason why HMMs are popular is because Speech recognition can be trained automatically and are simple and computationally feasible to use .
 Speech recognition   can be trained automatically  

 Saddam urged the Kuwaitis to forgive the Iraqi debt accumulated in the war , some $ 30 billion , but they refused .
 they   refused  

 Only one asteroid , 4 Vesta , which has a relatively reflective surface , is normally visible to the naked eye , and this only in very dark skies when Asteroid is favorably positioned .
 Asteroid   favorably positioned  

 However , Proteasome has been shown to inhibit proteasomes as well as free proteases ; to be specific , the chymotrypsin-like activity of the proteasome is inhibited by ritonavir , while the trypsin-like activity is somewhat enhanced .
 the trypsin-like activity   somewhat enhanced  

 Lex Luthor observes Superman in action , and once the gunmen are dispatched , hands the hero a personal check in an attempt to hire him .
 the gunmen   are dispatched  

 Peter Singer did say that , if Peter Singer were solely responsible , Peter Singer mother might not continue to live .
 Peter Singer mother   might not continue  

 Hoping that it is the Shark that swallowed Geppetto , he accompanies them to the beach only to find he has been fooled .
 he   has been fooled  

 The religious protection had a commercial corollary : Hydra (island) began to sail under the Russian flag .
 a commercial corollary   began  

 The extreme northeastern section lies within the tundra region , but Sápmi (area) does not have permafrost .
 Sápmi   does not have permafrost  

 The term in the generic meaning of `` made ready , prepared , completed , finished '' is found in the Rigveda .
 The term in the generic meaning of `` made ready , prepared   completed  

 Soon after this , the first Cuban War of Independence against History of baseball outside the United States Spanish rulers spurred Spanish authorities in 1869 to ban playing the sport in Cuba None because Cubans began to prefer baseball to viewing bullfights , which Cubans were expected to attend dutifully as homage to their Spanish rulers in an informal cultural mandate .
 Cubans   were expected  

 However , the university , along with the other members from the Council of Ontario Universities , signed a pledge in 2009 known as Ontario Universities Committed to a Greener World , with the objective of transforming University of Waterloo campus into a model of environmental responsibility .
 2009   known  

 In the first round , the candidate who wins the majority of votes ( 50 % of the total number of votes cast ) will be elected , providing that the number of votes won is not less than 1/3 of the total number of registered voters in the constituency .
 votes   cast  

 After the Portuguese raided and pillaged villages around the trading posts in those two cities , the Emperor ruled that all Portuguese encountered everywhere should be killed on the spot .
 the Portuguese   raided  

 The production of Peter Sellers was troublesome before filming started , with two directors -- Richard Quine and John Avildsen -- both fired before the script had been completed .
 the script   had been completed  

 Deeley suggested that her criticisms partly stemmed from the competition between her film Coming Home vying with The Deer Hunter for Best Picture .
 her film   Coming  

 In 1995 , the USCF experienced that several young scholastic players were improving faster than what Elo rating system was able to track .
 several young scholastic players   were improving faster  

 This was because most of the farms and Corned beef produce were owned by wealthy Anglo-Irish landlords and that most of the population were from families of poor tenant farmers , and that most of the corned beef was exported .
 most of the corned beef   was exported  

 Eusebius gives some extracts from Sextus Julius Africanus letter to one Aristides , reconciling the apparent discrepancy between Matthew and Luke in the genealogy of Christ by a reference to the Jewish law of Levirate marriage , which compelled a man to marry the widow of Sextus Julius Africanus deceased brother , if the latter died without issue .
 the latter   died  

 This process allows focusing at various depths of field to be selected after the photograph has been captured .
 the photograph   has been captured  

 The IOC responded by making a number of changes to the Olympic program .
 The IOC   responded  

 Steven Soderbergh has made big-budget Hollywood films as well as art-house independent films ; works with above-the-title movie stars and unknowns ; directs adaptations and original material , both of which written by himself as well as other screenwriters .
 adaptations and original material   written  

 Psychosis is possible in some cases that alcohol abuse via a kindling mechanism can cause the development of a chronic substance induced psychotic disorder , i.e. schizophrenia .
 some cases   alcohol  

 When , at a party given by Williams in his apartment , Charlotte Manning sees some old college yearbooks whose contents ( and photos ) , if made public , would expose Kines 's double life , she has to act fast .
 she   to act fast  

 The oldest archaeological evidence is a group of 16 shogi pieces excavated from the grounds of Kōfuku-ji in Nara Prefecture .
 16 shogi pieces   excavated  

 The classical Greek culture began to emerge around 1000 BCE featuring a variety of well crafted pottery which now included the human form as a decorating motif .
 The classical Greek culture   began  

 CompuServe offered to license the design for PDP-10 KL power supply to DEC for free if DEC would promise that any new KL purchased by CompuServe would have the more efficient power supply installed .
 the more efficient power supply   installed  

 As noted by James Wheatfield , `` Jerry Pournelle delights is setting up complex background situations and plots , leading the reader step by step towards a solution which is the very opposite of politically correct and defying a dissenting reader to find where in this logical chain Jerry Pournelle or she would have acted differently '' .
 she   would have acted differently  

 In addition to the announced mid-life update of the existing Class 373 fleet , Eurostar in 2009 reportedly entered prequalification bids for eight new trainsets to be purchased .
 eight new trainsets   to be purchased  

 Stevens immediately called an election , at which Labor was heavily defeated .
 Labor   was heavily defeated  

 When Desiderius Erasmus strength began to fail , Desiderius Erasmus decided to accept an invitation by Queen Mary of Hungary , Regent of the Netherlands , to move from Freiburg to Brabant .
 Desiderius Erasmus strength   began  

 When Smith declined , they could find no one of comparable stature to stand against John Diefenbaker .
 Smith   declined  

 In appropriate conditions , this reconstitution process allows for the Nucleosome positioning affinity of a given sequence to be mapped experimentally .
 a given sequence   to be mapped experimentally  

 Jacob Grimm father , who was a lawyer , died while Jacob Grimm was a child , and Jacob Grimm mother was left with very small means ; but her sister , who was lady of the chamber to the Landgravine of Hesse , helped to support and educate her numerous family .
 Jacob Grimm mother   was left  

 The degree programs delivered online hold the same accreditation as Arizona State University traditional face-to-face programs , and students earn many of the same degrees as those who attended courses in person .
 The degree programs   delivered  

 This theory is beginning to be tested in the development of new Local Exchange Trading Systems schemes in Greek cities such as Volos .
 This theory   is beginning  

 As the project began to wind down , and CIA pilot classes finished their training , Watertown became a virtual ghost town .
 the project   to wind down  

 Some species , such as the long-nosed armadillos , are widely distributed over the Americas , whereas others , such as the fairy armadillo , are concentrated in smaller ranges in South America .
 others , such as the fairy armadillo   are concentrated  

 Evacuation routes were insufficient to handle the resulting heavy traffic westbound when an emergency was declared .
 an emergency   was declared  

 Liquid sodium is used as a heat transfer fluid in some fast reactors , due to Sodium high thermal conductivity and low neutron absorption cross section , which is required to achieve a high neutron flux ; the high boiling point allows the reactor to operate at ambient pressure .
 the reactor   to operate  

 The year after , Downside Up , a box-set that collected all of the band 's B-sides and The Thorn EP , was released .
 Downside Up   was released  

 The game of pinochle is played with 48 cards , consisting of a doubled euchre deck ( that is , two copies of 9-A of each suit ) .
 The game of pinochle   is played  

 As the fern frond is formed , it is tightly curled so that the tender growing tip of the frond ( and each subdivision of the frond ) is protected within a coil .
 the fern frond   is formed  

 `` As Otto Rank talked , Otto Rank thought of Otto Rank difficulties with writing , Otto Rank struggles to articulate feelings not easily expressed .
 Otto Rank   talked  

 As part of this investigation , phoneticians may concern themselves with the physical properties of meaningful sound contrasts or the social meaning encoded in the speech signal ( socio-phonetics ) ( e.g.
 As part of this investigation , phoneticians may concern themselves with the physical properties of meaningful sound   contrasts  

 Small , two-man portable tactical weapons ( somewhat misleadingly referred to as suitcase bombs ) , such as the Special Atomic Demolition Munition , have been developed , although the difficulty of combining sufficient yield with portability limits their military utility .
 Small , two-man portable tactical weapons ( somewhat misleadingly referred to as suitcase bombs ) , such as the Special Atomic Demolition Munition   have been developed  

 Peter Singer did say that , if Peter Singer were solely responsible , Peter Singer mother might not continue to live .
 Peter Singer mother   to live  

 A political motive was involved in Zecharias Frankel study on legal procedure , `` Der Gerichtliche Beweis nach Mosaisch-Talmudischem Rechte : Ein Beitrag zur Kenntnis des Mosaisch-Talmudischen Criminal-und Civilrechts : Nebst einer Untersuchung über die Preussische Gesetzgebung Hinsichtlich des Zeugnisses der Juden '' ( Berlin , 1846 ) .
 Preussische Gesetzgebung Hinsichtlich   des  

 With regards to core functionality , Tualatin-256 was again quite similar to Celeron Pentium III sibling .
 Celeron Pentium III   sibling  

 A website could still suspect Proxy server is being used if the client sends packets which include a cookie from a previous visit that did not use the high-anonymity proxy server .
 Proxy server   is being used  

 Elizabeth Hastings later married Edward Somerset , while Mary Hastings died unmarried .
 Mary Hastings   died unmarried  

 However , the `` verification of this claim seems to be impossible '' , since the treatise is not listed among the known bibliography of Alhazen .
 the `` verification of this claim   seems  

 Spenser (character) seems to agree with William Faulkner 's assessment of scotch -- `` that brown liquor which not women , not boys and children , but only hunters drank '' .
 Spenser   seems  

 Their relationship proved to be lasting as Villa-Lobos continued to write for Andrés Segovia .
 Their relationship   to be lasting  

 Georgiou developed an interest in piano at a fairly young age , eventually using the family baby grand piano to work out the chords , since no one else there played well enough to teach Cat Stevens .
 no one else there   played well enough  

 Before the term Copernican principle was even coined , the Earth was repeatedly shown not to have any special location in the universe .
 the term Copernican principle   was even coined  

 With the exception of the current Royal Chapel ( built near the end of Louis 's reign ) , the palace achieved much of its current appearance after the third building campaign , which was followed by an official move of the royal court to Versailles on 6 May 1682 .
 the third building campaign   was followed  

 In 1794 , Hoffmann became enamored of Dora Hatt , a married woman to whom E. T. A. Hoffmann had given music lessons .
 Hoffmann   enamored  

 In Superman : Kal , where Kal-El 's rocket landed on Earth in the Middle Ages , Lady Loisse is the daughter of the late Lord Lane , the protector of the village who was murdered .
 the village   was murdered  

 The cables in a telephone junction box ... could be jumbled to make the wrong connections when numbers were dialed .
 numbers   were dialed  

 Eurostar has become the dominant operator in cross-channel intercity passenger travel on the routes that Eurostar operates , carrying more passengers than all airlines combined .
 the routes   operates  

 The stone would then be placed into a hot oven where it would be heated until Jewellery turned deep red , a colour highly prized by people of the Indus Valley .
 Jewellery   turned  

 Many of the experiments conducted investigated the astronauts ' adaptation to extended periods of microgravity .
 the experiments   conducted  

 Most formal systems of logic operate on variable facts , i.e. facts the value of which changes several times during one reasoning .
 Most formal systems of logic   operate  

 Mike is the no-nonsense , serious but unassuming leader , Steven the loving , near-groom , pecked at by his mother for not wearing a scarf with his tuxedo and Nick is the quiet , introspective man who loves hunting because , he likes '' ... the trees ... the way the trees are ... '' The recurring theme of `` one shot '' , which is how Mike prefers to take down a deer , is introduced .
 The recurring theme of `` one shot   is introduced  

 Orhan was said to have been greatly affected by the death of Orhan I son .
 Orhan   was said  

 With popularity reaching further than that , there has been some speculation whether Marwan Barghouti could be a unifying candidate in a bid to succeed Mahmud Abbas .
 popularity   reaching  

 This provoked such a response that the Government was forced to relent and allow the Scottish banks to continue printing pound notes .
 the Government   to relent  

 An important problem , TA has to deal with Technology assessment , is the so-called Collingridge dilemma : on the one hand , impacts of new technologies can not be easily predicted until the technology is extensively developed and widely used ; on the other hand , control or change of a technology is difficult as soon as Technology assessment is widely used .
 Technology assessment   is widely used  

 With the discovery of the extent of environmental and health damage caused by the lead , however , and the incompatibility of lead with catalytic converters found on virtually all newly sold US automobiles since 1975 , this practice began to wane ( encouraged by many governments introducing differential tax rates ) in the 1980s .
 this practice   began  

 Following this disturbance , on 7 October the Governor instructed Coronaro to order the Sultan to surrender ; to intimidate the people he ordered the seizure of all merchant boats in the Alula area .
 the Sultan   to surrender  

 As night fell , the Germans massed for another attack at Nieuport .
 night   fell  

 Abu Nidal discovered Abu Nidal was very ambitious , perhaps more than Abu Nidal abilities warranted , and also very excitable .
 Abu Nidal abilities   warranted  

 Other music for the film was also produced , this time composed by Angelo Badalamenti , who would go on to produce the music for most of Lynch 's subsequent cinematic works .
 Angelo Badalamenti   would go on  

 Both can promote surface uplift through isostasy as hotter , less dense , mantle rocks displace cooler , denser , mantle rocks at depth in the Earth .
 surface   uplift  

 The most significant Human population control system is China 's one-child policy , in which , with various exceptions , having more than one child is discouraged .
 China 's one-child policy   is discouraged  

 In 1462 , Portuguese explorer Pedro de Sintra mapped the hills surrounding what is now Freetown Harbour , naming shaped formation Serra de Leão ( Portuguese for Lion Mountains ) .
 the hills   surrounding  

 This was achieved through several different means : ordinations by the schismatic Catholic bishops of the Old Catholic and Independent Catholic Churches who converted to Anglicanism .
 This   was achieved  

 Manx language ( native name or , pronounced or ) , also known as Manx Gaelic , and as Manx language , is a Goidelic language of the Indo-European language family , historically spoken by the Manx people .
 native name   pronounced  

 One such person was psychotherapist Leo Zeff , who had been known to use psychedelics in his practice .
 psychotherapist Leo Zeff   had been known  

 The early Arabs were the tribes of Northern Arabia speaking proto Arabic dialects .
 the tribes of Northern Arabia   speaking  

 The concept of the constellation was known to exist during the Babylonian period .
 The concept of the constellation   was known  

 Because of the unitarian politics of King Aleksandar I Karađorđević , as of 1929 , the country 's name was changed to Kingdom of Yugoslavia , all ethnic denominations were erased , and the `` Yugoslavian '' became the only official language .
 all ethnic denominations   were erased  

 The final stage of synthesis was completed inside a M capricolum , which had Mycoplasma genitalium DNA removed , with the help of yeast cells ( which were used to create the necessary DNA ) .
 Mycoplasma genitalium DNA   removed  

 As Giants players retired to the broadcast booth in the early and 1960s , first Pat Summerall , then Frank Gifford took the color analyst slot next to Schenkel .
 Giants players   retired  

 Martin was shocked that Epstein had sacked Best : `` Pete Best seemed to be the most saleable commodity as far as looks went .
 Pete Best   seemed  

 If Lower Saxony was to be dissolved , Vechta District would much rather be included in the Westphalian region .
 Lower Saxony   to be dissolved  

 Finally , along transportation corridors , large shelters , called snow sheds , can be built directly in the slide path of Avalanche to protect traffic from Avalanche .
 snow   sheds  

 The term applies mostly to community card poker games where the individual holding the strongest possible hand , with the given board of community cards , is capable of knowing that Nut hand have the nut hand .
 The term   applies mostly  

 After a stroke in December 1987 , William Whitelaw, 1st Viscount Whitelaw was forced to resign .
 1st Viscount Whitelaw   to resign  

 The alkali and alkaline earth metals in groups I A and II A are referred to as the light metals because Metal have low density , low hardness , and low melting points .
 I   A  

 Oliver Cromwell made little impression : records for the Parliament show only one speech ( against the Arminian Bishop Richard Neile ) , which was poorly received .
 the Parliament show   was poorly received  

 The most massive stars will leave Main sequence first , followed steadily in sequence by stars of ever lower masses .
 The most massive stars will leave Main sequence first   followed steadily  

 The same display list is used for multiple rasters with the pointers being automatically adjusted .
 the pointers   automatically adjusted  

 Before stereo radio was introduced , the most common speaker location was in the middle of the dashboard pointing through perforations towards the front windshield .
 stereo radio   was introduced  

 According to Tibbets , this was the first film in which `` the saving leavening of humor was brought to bear upon the many painful dilemmas portrayed in Natalie Wood adult films '' .
 the saving leavening of humor   to bear  

 In 1802 William V 's son William VI unconditionally renounced the stadtholdership in return for a few territories from Napoleon Bonaparte ( Treaty of Amiens ) , which was erected into the Principality of Nassau-Orange-Fulda .
 Napoleon Bonaparte   was erected  

 To avoid being type cast as villainous characters , Chris Sarandon took on various roles in the years to come , portraying the title role in the made-for-television movie The Day Christ Died ( 1980 ) .
 Chris Sarandon   to come  

 The maternal death rates are also among the highest in the world , at 890 deaths per 100,000 live births .
 890 deaths per 100,000   live  

 The first part , the Chronography ( ( Chronographia ) ) , gives an epitome of universal history from the sources , arranged according to nations .
 The first part   arranged  

 In , Roy Campanella was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame , the second player of African American heritage so honored , after Jackie Robinson .
 African American heritage   so honored  

 With the food supply running low , the settlers needed salt to preserve what meat they had , so in January 1778 , Boone led a party of 30 men to the salt springs on the Licking River .
 they   had  

 McCartney stated : `` Pete Best do feel sorry for Pete Best , because of what Pete Best could have been on to '' .
 Pete Best   could have been  

 The body of Lazarus is still in the throes of rigor mortis , but Caravaggio hand , facing and recognizing that of Christ , is alive .
 Caravaggio hand   facing  

 One true story that shows what mainstream generative technology leads to in terms of online security breaches is the story of the Internet 's first worm .
 mainstream generative technology   leads  

 Justin expounded on the gospel texts as an accurate recording of the fulfillment of prophecy , which Justin Martyr combined with quotations of the prophets of Israel from the LXX to demonstrate a proof from prophecy of the Christian kerygma .
 Justin   expounded  

 The 200,000 number was mostly based on the records of several humanitarian and charity organizations who buried the remaining bodies a week to four months after the massacres began .
 the massacres   began  

 As the name suggests , the postmodernist movement formed partly in reaction to modernism .
 the name   suggests  

 In mid-February 1973 under the direction of Gunther Schuller , The New England Conservatory Ragtime Ensemble recorded an album of Joplin 's rags taken from the period collection `` Standard High-Class Rags '' called .
 the period collection   called  

 Older systems based on morphology placed many of the species now included in Asparagales into the lily family ( Liliaceae ) ; where other families were recognized , these were generally placed into the old order Liliales : a very large order which was used for almost all monocotyledons with colourful tepals and without starch in their endosperm ( the lilioid monocots ) .
 other families   were recognized  

 For convenience , the C ( 1s ) of hydrocarbon moieties is defined to appear between 284.6 eV and 285.0 eV .
 the C ( 1s ) of hydrocarbon moieties   is defined  

 After Orion was killed , Artemis asked Zeus to put Orion up in the sky .
 Orion   was killed  

 Joni Mitchell father was a Royal Canadian Air Force flight lieutenant who instructed new pilots at Fort Macleod , where the Allied forces were gathering to learn to fly .
 the Allied forces   to fly  

 Central Plaza, Hong Kong was the tallest building in Asia from 1992 to 1996 , until the Shun Hing Square in neighbouring Shenzhen was built .
 the Shun Hing Square in neighbouring Shenzhen   was built  

 The judgment of Severus Sulpicius Severus is no doubt that which Sulpicius Severus puts in the mouth of Sulpicius Severus interlocutor Posthumianus : `` Sulpicius Severus am astonished that one and the same man could have so far differed from Sulpicius Severus that in the approved portion of Sulpicius Severus works Sulpicius Severus has no equal since the apostles , while in that portion for which Sulpicius Severus is justly blamed it is proved that no man has committed more unseemly errors '' .
 one and the same man   could have  

 The government eventually relented , with Balfour stating that `` as soon as the necessary arrangements under the London Government Act have been completed , there will be conferred on the borough of Westminster , as constituted under the Act , the title of city , originally conferred in the time of Henry VIII '' .
 the necessary arrangements under the London Government Act   have been completed  

 After Jack Johnson (boxer) married Cameron , two ministers in the South recommended that Jack Johnson (boxer) be lynched .
 Jack Johnson   be lynched  

 The Song Dynasty ( 960 -- 1279 ) scholar Ouyang Xiu ( 1007 -- 1072 ) asserted that Playing card Playing card existed at least since the mid-Tang Dynasty and associated their invention with the simultaneous development of using sheets or pages instead of paper rolls as a writing medium .
 Playing card Playing card   existed  

 The best known of Mexico 's street food is the taco , whose origin is based on the pre Hispanic custom of picking up other foods with tortillas as utensils were not used .
 utensils   were not used  

 Keyboardist Mikael Jorgensen , who had engineered Down with Wilco , joined Wilco in 2002 as they toured in support of Yankee Hotel Foxtrot .
 they   toured  

 This causes the HCO3 -- ions to accumulate within the cell from where Photosynthesis diffuse into the carboxysomes .
 ions   to accumulate  

 Some of the more radical elements , including Al-Shabaab , regrouped to continue their insurgency against the TFG and oppose the Ethiopian military 's presence in Somalia .
 Some of the more radical elements , including Al-Shabaab   regrouped  

 In his review , Roger Ebert defended the artistic license of Russian roulette , arguing `` The Deer Hunter is the organizing symbol of the film : Anything you can believe about the game , about The Deer Hunter deliberately random violence , about how it touches the sanity of men forced to play The Deer Hunter , will apply to the war as a whole .
 you   can believe  

 Lois Sherr Dubin writes , `` in the absence of written languages , adornment became an important element of Indian Native American communication , conveying many levels of information '' .
 Lois Sherr Dubin   writes  

 Although Adolf Hitler discussed with Ferdinand Porsche the possibility of military application of the Volkswagen as early as April 1934 , it was not until January 1938 , that high-ranking Third Reich army officials formally approached Porsche about designing an inexpensive , light-weight military transport vehicle that could be operated reliably both on - and off-road in even the most extreme conditions , suggesting that the Beetle could provide the basis for such a vehicle .
 an inexpensive , light-weight military transport vehicle   could be operated reliably  

 A more creative yet widely reported etymology divides pāramitā into pāra and mita , with pāra meaning `` beyond , '' `` the further bank , shore or boundary , '' and mita , meaning `` that which has arrived , '' or ita meaning `` that which goes '' .
 that   goes  

 In Marcus Aurelius letters , Marcus makes frequent and affectionate reference to her ; Marcus Aurelius was grateful that , `` although she was fated to die young , yet she spent her last years with Marcus Aurelius '' .
 she   was fated  

 His case study looked at IEEE-488 , an international standard set by the leading US standards body ; Synergy led to a failure of small automation systems using the IEEE-488 standard ( which codified a proprietary communications standard HP-IB ) .
 the IEEE-488 standard   codified  

 In a Humorous Speech Contest the speeches are judged using a different set of categories , which include how well humor was used .
 how well humor   was used  

 Similarly , although the Judiciary is theoretically independent of the executive and the legislature , the executive branch seems to exert undue control over the judiciary .
 the executive branch   seems  

 In this connection it may be noted that the clocks and rods often used to describe observers ' measurement equipment in thought , in practice are replaced by a much more complicated and indirect metrology that is connected to the nature of the vacuum , and uses atomic clocks that operate according to the standard model and that must be corrected for gravitational time dilation .
 atomic clocks   operate  

 Interphase cells must also keep up a level of NPC generation to keep the levels of NPC in the cell constant as some may get damaged .
 some   may get damaged  

 Therefore Empiricism primary qualities dictate what the object essentially is , while Empiricism secondary qualities define Empiricism attributes .
 the object   essentially is  

 Control theory is the engine 's throttle position which determines how much power the engine generates .
 the engine   generates  

 As the Supreme Court justices who unanimously decided Reynolds in 1878 understood , marriage is also about sustaining the conditions in which freedom can thrive .
 the conditions   can thrive  

 ( Shared birthdays between , say , two women do not count .
 two women   do not count  

 Aquatic mammal infants do not have REM sleep in infancy ; REM sleep in those animals increases as they age .
 they   age  

 MySQL is a popular choice of database for use in web applications , and is a central component of the widely used LAMP open source web application software stack ( and other ` AMP ' stacks ) .
 AMP   stacks  

 Worried that Loker may die , Eliza convinces George to bring the slave hunter to a nearby Quaker settlement for medical treatment .
 Loker   may die  

 In 1926 , the government of South Africa designated Kruger National Park as the nation 's first national park , although it was an expansion of the earlier Sabie Game Reserve established in 1898 by President Paul Kruger of the old South African Republic , after whom National park was named .
 National park   was named  

 Two of Atle Selberg brothers also went on to become mathematicians themselves .
 Two of Atle Selberg brothers   went on  

 Another attack and hostage-taking at an oil company compound in Khobar saw 22 people killed .
 22 people   killed  

 Caravaggio , outlawed , fled to Naples .
 Caravaggio   outlawed  

 The ability of molybdenum to withstand extreme temperatures without significantly expanding or softening makes Molybdenum useful in applications that involve intense heat , including the manufacture of armor , aircraft parts , electrical contacts , industrial motors and filaments .
 significantly   expanding  

 Several years before Brown 's arrival in Springfield , in 1844 , the city 's African-American abolitionists had founded the Sanford Street `` Free Church '' -- now known as St. John 's Congregational Church -- which went on to become one of the United States most prominent platforms for abolitionist speeches .
 the Sanford Street `` Free Church   went on  

 According to the distribution of population by Governorates , Hebron Governorate has the highest rate of population at 13.9 % of the total population , followed by Gaza Governorate 13.0 % ; Jerusalem Governorate comes third with 10.6 % .
 the highest rate of population at 13.9 % of the total population   followed  

 After early editions went to press further reports suggested a major loss of life and Mackenzie toned down the headline in later editions to read `` Did 1,200 Argies drown ?
 early editions   went  

 When Roach advertised D. W. Griffith in late 1939 with Griffith listed as producer , Griffith asked that his name be removed .
 his name   be removed  

 This has resulted in Palestinian cries for justice , equality , freedom and even basic human rights being ignored while the world getting consumed with delegitimizing Israel from either ignorance or malice '' .
 the world   getting consumed  

 Mary 's closest confidant , Charles V 's ambassador Simon Renard , argued that Elizabeth I of England throne would never be safe while Elizabeth lived ; and the Chancellor , Stephen Gardiner , worked to have Elizabeth put on trial .
 Elizabeth   lived  

 However , because Moses Moses had not shown the Lord 's holiness , they were not permitted to enter the land to be given to the Israelites .
 they   were not permitted  

 Although Quantz wrote many pieces of music , mainly for the flute ( including around 300 flute concertos and 200 + sonatas ) , Johann Joachim Quantz is best known today as the author of Versuch einer Anweisung die Flöte traversiere zu spielen ( 1752 ) ( titled On Playing the Flute in English ) , a treatise on traverso flute playing .
 einer Anweisung   die  

 Later Milton Friedman weekly columns for Newsweek magazine ( 1966 -- 84 ) were well read and increasingly influential among political and business people .
 Later Milton Friedman weekly columns for Newsweek magazine   read  

 Total cost of the purchase is said to be $ 39.4 million , two-thirds of which will be covered by existing Russian debt .
 Total cost of the purchase   is said  

 This apparently was meant to assert that the AFL could not achieve parity as long as it had to compete with the NFL in the draft .
 This   apparently was meant  

 The idea of creating Maroon communities was the impetus for the creation of John Brown (abolitionist) `` Provisional Constitution and Ordinances for the People of the United States , '' which helped to detail how such communities would be governed .
 such communities   would be governed  

 The number of South Africans living below the poverty line , identified according to Apartheid-era social categories , was calculated in one study as 56 % `` black '' , 27 % `` coloured '' , 9 % `` India '' , and 2 % `` white '' .
 The number of South Africans   identified  

 Natural History (Pliny) is one of the first ancient texts to be printed .
 the first ancient texts   to be printed  

 After Boishebert returned , Ramezay sent Joseph-Michel Legardeur de Croisille et de Montesson along with over 500 men , 200 of whom were Mi ` kmaq , to Port-La-Joye .
 Boishebert   returned  

 This is related to Molar volume by where NA is the Avogadro constant and Z is the number of formula units in the unit cell .
 This   related  

 McCartney 's father , Jim McCartney , was present at the time and admonished Best by saying : `` Why did you have to attract all the attention ?
 McCartney 's father   admonished Best  

 This socket on the female connector is often obstructed , requiring pin 20 to be omitted from the male cable or drive connector , making Parallel ATA impossible to plug Parallel ATA in the wrong way round ; a male connector with pin 20 present can not be used .
 a male connector with pin 20 present   can not be used  

 Minimax is thus to changes in the assumptions , as these other decision techniques are not .
 these other decision techniques   are not  

 Analyzing sounds in terms of contrastive features also opens up comparative scope -- Structuralism makes clear , for instance , that the difficulty Japanese speakers have differentiating / r / and / l / in English is because these sounds are not contrastive in Japanese .
 Japanese speakers   have differentiating  

 William the Silent was tortured before William the Silent trial on 13 July , where William the Silent was sentenced to be brutally -- even by the standards of that time -- killed .
 William   killed  

 Frank Miller (comics) want to see Frank Miller (comics) fly '' .
 Frank Miller   fly  

 The magnet programs succeeded in attracting applicants and by the mid-1990s only about a third of students who applied were accepted .
 only about a third of students   were accepted  

 The acquisition never developed , as Aston Martin was badly hit by the economic contraction of the early 1980s .
 The acquisition   never developed  

 In November 2008 , Michael Palin presented a First World War documentary about Armistice Day , 11 November 1918 , when thousands of soldiers lost their lives in battle after the war had officially ended .
 11 November 1918   had officially ended  

 Existing integer registers are extended as are all related data pathways , but , as was the case with IA-32 , both floating point and vector units had been operating at or above 64 bits for several years .
 Existing integer registers   are extended  

 When the need to process visual information as rapidly as possible arises , for example in an emergency situation , the visual system may operate only in shades of gray , with the extra information load in adding color being dropped .
 the need to process visual information as rapidly as possible   arises  

 However , unlike Western themes , the ones that Russian composers wrote tended to be even more self-contained than those in Russian folk songs , even when they were written with broad , multi-phrase structures as Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky tended to do .
 Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky   to do  

 If Politics of San Marino warrant Politics of San Marino , judicial proceedings against the ex-head ( s ) of state can be initiated .
 Politics of San Marino warrant Politics of San Marino , judicial proceedings against the ex-head ( s ) of state   can be initiated  

 What makes Weather forecasting a difficult technique to use is that there is rarely a perfect analog for an event in the future .
 a difficult technique   to use  

 As the era proceeded , the marginal seas periodically washed over the stable interior , leaving sedimentary deposits to mark their incursions .
 the era   proceeded  

 The minerals that form are directly controlled by the bulk chemistry of the parent body .
 The minerals   form  

 Many years later , Marina Tsvetaeva would write the novella `` Povest ' o Sonechke '' about Marina Tsvetaeva relationship with Holliday .
 the novella   o  

 The frequency of the photon required to induce this transition was revealed to be 50 terahertz which , according to present theories of quantum electrodynamics , yields a value of 0.84184 ± 0.00067 femtometres for the charge radius of the proton .
 The frequency of the photon   was revealed  

 This implies that the way in which theory is tested is dictated by the nature of the theory Scientific method , which led Kuhn ( 1961 , p. 166 ) to argue that `` once it has been adopted by a profession ... no theory is recognized to be testable by any quantitative tests that it has not already passed '' .
 theory   is tested  

 The expert system that uses that logic is also called a zeroth-order expert system .
 The expert system   uses  

 One such filmmaker , Frank Capra , created a seven-part U.S. government-sponsored series of films to support the war effort entitled Why We Fight ( 1942-5 ) .
 We   Fight  

 For most of Kingdom Hearts II , Pluto (Disney) stays by Kairi 's side ( even when she has been kidnapped ) , as he has apparently taken a liking to her .
 she   has been kidnapped  

 The large-scale Dorian invasion of Greece around the 12th Century BCE appears to have resulted in a depopulation of the island .
 The large-scale Dorian invasion of Greece around the 12th Century BCE   appears  

 The number of types continues to grow as more asteroids are studied .
 The number of types   continues  

 Gerald Duff , novelist and short story writer , has set several of his works in the territory of the Sabine , including the stories `` Texas Wherever You Look , '' `` The Way a Blind Man Tracks Light , '' and `` Redemption '' .
 You   Look  

 Charles I of England son , Charles I of England II , later planned an elaborate royal mausoleum , but it was never built .
 it   was never built  

 Bush had previously defended this scaling back of the effort several times , saying , `` Osama bin Laden do n't know where bin Laden is .
 bin Laden   is  

 Realizing the value of printing in quantity , seven editions in two styles were ordered , resulting in several thousand copies being printed .
 several thousand copies   being printed  

 In Jean-Michel Basquiat song `` Look Like Basquiat '' , Robb Banks raps `` Bitch Jean-Michel Basquiat look like Basquiat '' .
 Robb Banks   raps  

 After Messenger RNA has been cleaved , around 250 adenosine residues are added to the free 3 ' end at the cleavage site .
 Messenger RNA   has been cleaved  

 However , it could be done if `` you could re-establish a world in which government 's budget accounted for 10 percent of the national income , in which laissez-faire reigned , in which governments did not interfere with economic activities and in which full employment policies had been relegated to the dustbin ... '' Milton Friedman was considered sympathetic to free banking .
 it   could be done  

 As John Lennon career progressed , John Lennon played a variety of electric guitars , predominantly the Rickenbacker 325 , Epiphone Casino and Gibson J-160E , and , from the start of John Lennon solo career , the Gibson Les Paul Junior .
 John Lennon career   progressed  

 Furthermore , in Julia Kristeva analysis of Oedipus , Julia Kristeva claims that the speaking subject can not exist on his/her own , but that he/she `` stands on the fragile threshold as if stranded on account of an impossible demarcation '' ( Powers of Horror , p. 85 ) .
 the speaking subject   can not exist  

 Infralapsarianism ( also called sublapsarianism ) holds that predestination logically coincides with the preordination of Man 's fall into sin .
 predestination   logically coincides  

 This is especially true of early appendicitis before Appendicitis has become significantly distended and in adults where larger amounts of fat and bowel gas make actually seeing Appendicitis technically difficult .
 Appendicitis   significantly distended  

 However , for hotter blue and white stars , the size and brightness difference between so-called dwarf stars that are on the main sequence and the so-called giant stars that are not becomes smaller ; for the hottest stars Main sequence is not directly observable .
 the so-called giant stars   are not  

 In the third round , the conference finals , the two remaining teams in each conference play each other , with the conference champions proceeding to the Stanley Cup Finals .
 the conference champions   proceeding  

 With concave lenses , incoming parallel rays diverge after going through the lens , in such a way that Optics seem to have originated at an upright virtual image one focal length from the lens , on the same side of the lens that the parallel rays are approaching on .
 Optics   seem  

 The creation of the Bride scene , Morris continues , is `` Whale 's reminder to the audience -- his Hollywood bosses , peers , and everyone watching -- of the majesty and power of the homosexual creator '' .
 everyone   watching  

 As with H2 , the lowest-energy atomic orbitals are the 1s ' and 1s '' , and do not transform according to the symmetries of the molecule , while Molecular orbital adapted atomic orbitals do .
 the lowest-energy atomic orbitals   are  

 Allen Ginsberg was much more prone to revise than Kerouac .
 Allen Ginsberg   to revise  

 The stadium got Super Bowl name from the fact that the game played there was part of the Tournament of Roses and that it was shaped like a bowl , much like the Yale Bowl in New Haven , Connecticut ; the Tournament of Roses football game itself eventually came to be known as the Rose Bowl Game .
 it   was shaped  

 When Aeschylus first began writing , the theatre had only just begun to evolve , although earlier playwrights like Thespis had already expanded the cast to include an actor who was able to interact with the chorus .
 the theatre   to evolve  

 This most commonly occurs in a high-low split game where one player knows that he has a guaranteed low hand made , his opponent can not make a better low no matter what the last card is , but the player who is low might possibly catch a lucky card that gives him a straight or flush , winning high as well .
 the last card   is  

 Another record price for a Jean-Michel Basquiat painting was made on in 2007 , when an untitled Jean-Michel Basquiat work from 1981 sold at Sotheby 's in New York for US$ 14.6 million .
 Another record price for a Jean-Michel Basquiat painting   was made on  

 A number of rival theories explain how the term came about , though all accept that Geordie derives from a familiar diminutive form of the name George , `` a very common name among the pitmen '' ( coal miners ) in the northeast of England ; indeed , Geordie was once the most popular name for eldest sons in the region .
 the term   came about  

 In September 1943 , Peter Sellers joined the Royal Air Force , although it is unclear whether Peter Sellers volunteered or was conscripted ; Peter Sellers mother unsuccessfully tried to have Peter Sellers deferred on medical grounds .
 Peter Sellers   deferred  

 Eugene Wigner argued that biology and cognition could be the origin of physical concepts , as we humans perceive them , and that the happy coincidence that mathematics and physics were so well matched , seemed to be `` unreasonable '' and hard to explain .
 the happy coincidence that mathematics and physics were so well matched   seemed  

 On the basis of Lord Lothian 's praise for the natural friendship between Germany and Britain , Joachim von Ribbentrop informed Hitler that all elements of British society wished for closer ties with Germany .
 all elements of British society   wished  

 The digraph ch represents a single sound , the velar fricative , while dz and dž are pronounced like straightforward combinations of Lithuanian language component letters ( sounds ) : Dz dz ( dzė ) , Dž dž ( džė ) , Ch ch ( cha ) .
 Lithuanian language component letters   sounds  

 In a 2008 interview , Stewart said : `` Patrick Stewart father was a very potent individual , a very powerful man who got what Patrick Stewart wanted .
 Patrick Stewart   wanted  

 Although early members of this lineage had chimp-sized brains , about 25 % as big as modern humans ' , there are signs of a steady increase in brain size after about .
 modern humans '   are  

 Modern automobiles are also equipped with an evaporative emissions control system ( ` EVAP system ' in automotive jargon ) , which collects evaporated fuel from the fuel tank in a charcoal-filled canister while the engine is stopped , and then releases the collected vapors to the engine for consumption when the engine is running ( usually after Gasoline has reached normal operating temperature ) .
 the engine   is stopped  

 A person said to have the ability of clairvoyance is referred to as a clairvoyant ( `` one who sees clearly '' ) .
 one   sees clearly  

 In recent centuries , when Pope was judged to have died , it was reportedly traditional for the Cardinal Chamberlain to confirm the death ceremonially by gently tapping Pope head thrice with a silver hammer , calling his birth name each time .
 Pope   to have died  

 On November 27 , 2012 , it was announced that Tulane would leave Conference USA and East Carolina would join the Big East for football only ( ECU 's membership was upgraded to all-sports in March 2013 after the Big East 's non-football members , save for ACC-bound Notre Dame , announced they were leaving to form Conference USA , leaving the football-playing members to become the American Athletic Conference ) .
 the Big East 's non-football members   save  

 This propensity for DNA within Nucleosome to `` breathe '' is predicted to have important functional consequences for all DNA-binding proteins that operate in a chromatin environment .
 This propensity for DNA within Nucleosome to `` breathe ''   is predicted  

 Toronto Maple Leafs defenceman Red Horner knocked Shore out with a punch , but Bailey , writhing on Toronto Maple Leafs , had his career ended .
 his career   ended  

 Little is known about Scott Joplin movements at this time , although Scott Joplin is recorded in Texarkana in July 1891 as a member of the `` Texarkana Minstrels '' in a performance that happened to be raising money for a monument to Jefferson Davis , President of the Southern Confederacy .
 a performance   happened  

 The case came to trial the following year after delays caused by Ruskin 's bouts of mental illness , while Whistler 's financial condition continued to deteriorate .
 Whistler 's financial condition   continued  

 The 2009 film Bright Star , written and directed by Jane Campion , focuses on John Keats ' relationship with Fanny Brawne .
 The 2009 film Bright Star   written  

 These differed from their desktop counterparts in that the Mobile series were offered in both 100 MHz and 133 MHz FSB .
 These   differed  

 The idea of heterosexual privilege seems to flourish in society .
 The idea of heterosexual privilege   seems  

 `` We were amused , '' Vladimir Gerard later remembered , `` but not imbued with any expectations of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky future glory '' .
 We   were amused  

 It was visible in the small things , the almost absurd degree in which each worried about the other 's health , and the care in which they chose and wrapped each other 's birthday presents ' ; and in the large matters , the way in which Ronald willingly abandoned such a large part of J. R. R. Tolkien life in retirement to give Edith the last years in Bournemouth that J. R. R. Tolkien felt she deserved , and the degree in which she showed pride in J. R. R. Tolkien fame as an author .
 the almost absurd degree in which each worried about the other 's health , and the care   presents  

 The diameter in hundredths of an inch of bird shot sizes from 9 to 1 can be obtained by subtracting the shot size from 17 .
 sizes   can be obtained  

 The cyclic reaction is similar to that of the non-cyclic , but differs in the form that Photosynthesis generates only ATP , and no reduced NADP ( NADPH ) is created .
 no reduced NADP   is created  

 A familiar example is the binding energy of atomic nuclei , which appears as other types of energy ( such as gamma rays ) when the nuclei are formed , and ( after being given off ) results in nuclides which have less mass than the free particles ( nucleons ) of which Mass are composed .
 the nuclei   are formed  

 Other sources say that attempts to connect suffragium with fragor can not be taken seriously .
 attempts to connect suffragium with fragor   can not be taken seriously  

 This first novel tells the story of a fruit pickers ' strike in California which is both aided and damaged by the help of `` the Party , '' generally taken to be the Communist Party , although this is never spelled out in the book .
 this   is never spelled out  

 Less well known were a series of anti-shipping and anti-aircraft missiles , typically based on a simple radio control system directed by the operator .
 Less   known  

 With the limitation that the concentration of pulegone should not exceed 1 % , Peppermint has been concluded that Mentha Piperita ( Peppermint ) Oil , Mentha Piperita ( Peppermint ) Extract , Mentha Piperita ( Peppermint ) Leaves , Mentha Piperita ( Peppermint ) Water are safe as used in cosmetic formulations .
 Peppermint   has been concluded  

 Cyril M. Kornbluth first solo story , `` The Rocket of 1955 , '' was published in Richard Wilson 's fanzine Escape ( Vol 1 No 2 , August 1939 ) ; Cyril M. Kornbluth first collaboration , `` Stepsons of Mars , '' written with Richard Wilson and published under the name `` Ivar Towers , '' appeared in the April 1940 Astonishing .
 Cyril M. Kornbluth first collaboration   written  

 Ten years later and having reached 100 years of age , Margaret Murray published Margaret Murray final work , an autobiography entitled Margaret Murray First Hundred Years ( 1963 ) .
 an autobiography   entitled  

 Hayes states that , although licensees ' benefits are limited , the licenses reduce reliance on fair use regarding machinima .
 licensees ' benefits   are limited  

 Ultimately , Epstein decided that `` If the group was to remain happy , Pete Best must go '' .
 Pete Best   must go  

 The following day , Grange came out , calling a ceasefire while surrender could be negotiated .
 surrender   could be negotiated  

 Since most Atolls have very long geographical names it is also used whenever the long name is inconvenient , for example in the atoll website names .
 very long geographical names   is also used  

 Every tree that is scorched and each bird nest that is devoured is a sign of Abiotic stress .
 Every tree   is scorched  

 For most of the history of Shotgun , the break-action breech loading double was the most common type , typically divided into two subtypes : the traditional `` side by side '' shotgun features two barrels mounted one beside the other ( as the name suggests ) , whereas the `` over and under '' shotgun has the two barrels mounted one on top of the other .
 the name   suggests  

 A tram connecting the downtown area to Dergana is expected to open by the end of 2010 .
 A tram connecting the downtown area to Dergana   is expected  

 If pulmonary function tests reveal poor respiratory reserve , surgery may be contraindicated .
 surgery   may be contraindicated  

 A new rendezvous was arranged , the ships meeting at 9:30 am with the Annamite transferring her survivors to the Gloire .
 A new rendezvous   was arranged  

 By constructing a plasmid that contains an antibiotic resistance gene as well as the gene being engineered or expressed , a researcher can ensure that when bacteria replicate , only the copies that carry the plasmid survive .
 the gene   being engineered  

 When Hell 's Hinges was released , the reception of Hell's Hinges was so positive that the producer bought space in newspapers around the country to reprint the reviews .
 Hell 's Hinges   was released  

 Nikephoros I rule was endangered by Bardanes Tourkos , one of Nikephoros I ablest generals , who revolted and received support from other commanders , notably the later emperors Leo V the Armenian and Michael II the Amorian in 803 .
 I   rule  

 The `` human element '' is based on universal opportunities to make faulty decisions , to adopt a non-cooperative attitude , and to induce others to follow suit .
 others   to follow  

 If the missile starts to roll , the gyroscopic force of the disks drives the control surface into the airflow , cancelling the motion .
 the missile   starts  

 She discovered that the difficulties and the transitions that adolescents faced are culturally influenced .
 the difficulties and the transitions   are culturally influenced  

 Following a series of small cavalry battles in June as Lee 's army began marching north through the Shenandoah Valley , Stuart may have had in mind the glory of circumnavigating the enemy army once again , desiring to erase the stain on J.E.B. Stuart reputation of the surprise at Brandy Station .
 Lee 's army   began  

 In 2000 , Patricia Glassop ( Hutchence 's mother , who had remarried ) and Tina Schorr ( Michael Hutchence sister ) , gave an interview on This Morning asserting that Yates had , on more than one occasion , made threats of harming herself or the baby if Hutchence did not marry her ; and , that they believed she said this again on the morning of Michael Hutchence death , directly precipitating Michael Hutchence suicide .
 Hutchence 's mother   had remarried  

 Yet as Joseph Conrad ideas were borne out by ensuing 20th-century events , in due course Joseph Conrad came to be admired for beliefs that seemed to accord more closely with subsequent times than with Joseph Conrad own .
 Joseph Conrad ideas   were borne out  

 The amended document also now states that the circumstances of how Natalie Wood ended up in water are `` not clearly established '' .
 the circumstances of how Natalie Wood ended up in water   not clearly established  

 In the key apportionment case Reynolds v. Sims ( 1964 ) Warren delivered a civics lesson : `` To the extent that a citizen 's right to vote is debased , Earl Warren is that much less a citizen , '' Warren declared .
 a citizen 's right to vote   is debased  

 Commercially , since the lotteries were discredited , some of the debt intended to be consolidated under the scheme was available in the open market before the scheme was announced , at a discounted rate of # 55 / # 100 nominal value .
 the lotteries   were discredited  

 Córdoba is the hottest provincial capital , followed by Seville .
 the hottest provincial capital   followed  

 Most CRT monitors do not have a fixed beam sweep rate , meaning they do not have a native resolution at all - instead Pixel have a set of resolutions that are equally well supported .
 resolutions   are equally well supported  

 Many German Lutherans appear to demur on this issue , which may be sourced in the church governance views of Martin Luther .
 Many German Lutherans   appear  

 In many cases , these stories will describe a series of failed attempts to make land before the solution is found .
 the solution   is found  

 Most Spaced repetition software ( SRS ) programs are modeled after the manual style of learning with flashcards : items to memorize are entered into the program as question-answer pairs .
 Most   Spaced  

 In 1978 , Jon Voight portrayed the paraplegic Vietnam veteran Luke Martin in Hal Ashby 's film Coming Home .
 Hal Ashby 's film   Coming  

 When a % token is encountered the following compile time statement is executed : when an identifier token is encountered and the identifier has been DECLAREd , ACTIVATEd , and assigned a compile time value , the identifier is replaced by this value .
 the identifier   has been DECLAREd  

 According to Pope Sylvester II pupil Richer , Gerbert could perform speedy calculations with Pope Sylvester II abacus that were extremely difficult for people in Pope Sylvester II day to think through in using only Roman numerals .
 people in Pope Sylvester II day   to think  

 At the time it was not known how cholera was transmitted , but physician John Snow suspected contaminated water and had the handle of Pump ; the outbreak then subsided .
 cholera   was transmitted  

 In 1851 , after the fifteenth asteroid ( Eunomia ) had been discovered , Johann Franz Encke made a major change in the upcoming 1854 edition of the Berliner Astronomisches Jahrbuch ( BAJ , Berlin Astronomical Yearbook ) .
 the fifteenth asteroid   had been discovered  

 Soon after , 156 non-Jewish hostages who did not hold Israeli passports were released and flown to safety , while 83 Jews and Israeli citizens , as well as 20 others who refused to abandon them ( among whom were the captain and crew of the hijacked Air France jet ) , continued to be held hostage .
 83 Jews and Israeli citizens , as well as 20 others   to be held  

 Additionally , around 14 to 16 percent of persons who overdose on SSRIs are thought to develop Serotonin syndrome .
 around 14 to 16 percent of persons   are thought  

 The miscibility of ethanol with alkanes is limited to alkanes up to undecane , mixtures with dodecane and higher alkanes show a miscibility gap below a certain temperature ( about 13 ° C for dodecane ) .
 The miscibility of ethanol with alkanes   to alkanes up  

 Ribbentrop worked closely with the SS , with which Joachim von Ribbentrop had reconciled , to purge the Foreign Office of those involved in the putsch .
 Joachim von Ribbentrop   had reconciled  

 So far as Latin writing is concerned , Palaeography marks the dawn of modern times .
 Latin writing   is concerned  

 At the same time , large numbers of Chinese were forced to migrate to these commanderies , where mixed settlements began to appear .
 mixed settlements   began  

 After about 34 seconds ( based on information from witness documents ) , the outer portions of both the right and left wings failed , likely causing fuel-fed fires that were the beginning of the fireball described by witnesses .
 the outer portions of both the right and left wings   failed  

 The global distribution of schools ( salles ) today is best explained through Savate stylistic approaches : These are the different stylistic approaches of the French arts of pugilism in the world today .
 The global distribution of schools   best explained  

 A. Breeskin , of the Smithsonian Institution , notes that these colored prints , `` now stand as Mary Cassatt most original contribution ... adding a new chapter to the history of graphic arts ... technically , as color prints , they have never been surpassed '' .
 they   have never been surpassed  

 Methylphenidate ( Ritalin ) is an amphetamine-like stimulant used primarily to manage the symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) .
 an amphetamine-like stimulant   used  

 The term surface used without qualification refers to Surface without boundary .
 The term surface   used  

 The Peter Principle is a special case of an ubiquitous observation : Anything that works will be used in progressively more challenging applications until Peter Principle fails .
 Peter Principle   fails  

 As one of the scientists noted , `` Coal and kerogen are products of life and Astrobiology took a long time for them to form ... How do stars make such complicated organics under seemingly unfavorable conditions and do Astrobiology so rapidly ?
 one of the scientists   noted  

 On 8 April 2013 , a demo of the program running on OS X was shown at NAB , coinciding with the announcement of a public Beta release of version 11.1 for Linux scheduled for 30 April 2013 .
 a demo of the program   coinciding  

 Therefore , in order to avoid any confusion between these fairly chemically different families , and taking into account that a large number of these liquid crystals occur naturally in nature , we think that the use of the old fashioned but adequate `` mineral '' adjective taken sensus largo is more specific that an alternative such as `` purely inorganic '' , to name this subclass of the inorganic liquid crystals family .
 the use of the old fashioned but adequate `` mineral '' adjective   taken  

 Many ancient Hohokam petroglyphs were destroyed by the bomb ; nevertheless , many of these archeological sites around the mountain remain .
 many of these archeological sites around the mountain   remain  

 Although the earlier ( Greek ) model for the Carolingian system was probably ordered like the Byzantine oktōēchos , with the four authentic modes first , followed by the four plagals , the earliest extant sources for the Latin system are organized in four pairs of authentic and plagal modes sharing the same final : protus authentic/plagal , deuterus authentic/plagal , tritus authentic/plagal , and tetrardus authentic/plagal ( Powers 2001 § II , 1 ( ii ) ) .
 Although the earlier ( Greek ) model for the Carolingian system   was probably ordered  

 As shared code bases between desktop and mobile browsers increased , the use of SVG 1.1 over SVGT 1.2 also increased .
 shared code bases between desktop and mobile browsers   increased  

 The full cubic connectedness map has also been studied ; here one considers the two-parameter recursion , whose two critical points are the complex square roots of the parameter k .
 The full cubic connectedness map   has also been studied  

 Producer Spikings , while proud of the film , regrets the way the Vietnamese were portrayed .
 the Vietnamese   were portrayed  

 She also notes the possibility that the stones that were dated might have been recycled from earlier constructions .
 the stones   were dated  

 The clade from Iridaceae upwards appears to have stronger support .
 The clade from Iridaceae   upwards appears  

 By the conditions accepted in the treaty , the Avars were to take possession of Pannonia and the Lombards were promised military support in Italy should the need arise ; also , for a period of 200 years the Lombards were to maintain the right to reclaim their former territories if the plan to conquer Italy failed , thus leaving Alboin with an alternative open .
 the plan to conquer Italy   failed  

 It is not entirely clear who was playing on the court when the fight erupted ; what is undisputed is that Oxford called Sidney a ` puppy ' , while Sidney responded that ` all the world knows puppies are gotten by dogs , and children by men ' .
 the fight   erupted  

 Oswald Spengler lived as a cloistered scholar , supported by Oswald Spengler modest inheritance .
 Oswald Spengler   lived  

 Besides the quirks the English spelling system has inherited from English orthography past , there are other idiosyncrasies in spelling that make English orthography tricky to learn .
 English orthography   to learn  

 Mississippi John Hurt style was not reminiscent of any other style being played at the time ; it was the way Hurt `` thought the guitar should sound '' .
 the guitar   should sound  

 Also , no typical molecule can be defined for ionic crystals ( salts ) and covalent crystals ( network solids ) , although these are often composed of repeating unit cells that extend either in a plane ( such as in graphene ) or three-dimensionally ( such as in diamond , quartz , or sodium chloride ) .
 repeating unit cells   extend  

 Jason must journey to find Golden Fleece , in order to restore legitimate rule to Iolcos .
 Jason   must journey  

 Although Hippolyta figures only marginally through the middle of the play , Hippolyta resumes a strong role in Act V , scene Hippolyta .
 Hippolyta   figures only marginally  

 While the storylines and production were remembered by children , the adult jokes like those about the Welsh in `` Ivor the Engine , '' or the fact that the Clangers swore occasionally ; gave them both an instant parent engagement as well as a later revival with children who had grown up and were re-watching their favourite programmes .
 the Clangers   swore occasionally  

 While so many terrors hung over the people , no jury durst have acquitted a man , when the court was resolved to have him condemned .
 the court   was resolved  

 The GBRMPA is funded by Commonwealth Government Appropriations that include an environmental management charge levied on the permit-holders passengers .
 an environmental management charge   levied  

 People Magazine suggested that `` anyone in a mood for a hearty laugh could n't do better than which gave fans a classic parody of Robin Hood .
 anyone in a mood for a hearty laugh   could n't do better  

 In professional tournaments the rules typically require drawn games to be replayed with colors ( sides ) reversed , possibly with reduced time limits .
 colors   reversed  

 However , Brigadier Dalvi opted not to fire , as Sino-Indian War would mean decimating the Rajput who were still in the area of the Chinese regrouping .
 the Chinese   regrouping  

 Probably the most famous and biting criticism came from Saul Lieberman : about Jacob Neusner translation of the Jerusalem Talmud , Lieberman wrote : '' ... one begins to doubt the credibility of the translator Jacob Neusner .
 Lieberman   wrote  

 The city got sacked nonetheless , leaving a black mark on Lucius ' reputation .
 The city   got sacked nonetheless  

 Pope Innocent VI pontificate was dominated by the war in Italy and by Avignon 's recovery from the plague , both of which made draining demands on Pope Innocent VI treasury .
 Pope Innocent VI   pontificate  

 Caravaggio is known to have indulged in violent behavior , as caused by lead poisoning .
 Caravaggio   is known  

 If the gutters between the columns were removed , the text block would mirror the page 's proportions .
 the gutters between the columns   were removed  

 Nero 's statues were again set up , Otho freedmen and household officers reinstalled ( including the young castrated boy Sporus whom Nero had taken in marriage and Otho would also live intimately with ) , and the intended completion of the Golden House announced .
 Otho freedmen and household officers   reinstalled  

 Westerwald is Westerwald-Marsch ( `` Westerwald March '' ) , Westerwald , du bist so schön ( `` Westerwald , you are so lovely '' ) , the neues Westerwaldlied ( `` New Westerwald Song '' ) by songwriter Ulrik Remy Ich bin aus 'm Westerwald ( `` I am from the Westerwald '' ) and Das schönste Mädchen vom Westerwald ( `` The Loveliest Girl from the Westerwald '' ) by Karl-Eberhard Hain and Jürgen Hardeck , made well known by `` De Höhner '' , `` Die Schröders '' and other groups .
 Westerwald   is  

 The legend that the high-living patrician painter Guido Reni , whose personal dash was at least as great as Pope Innocent X brilliant drawing and brushwork , had been insulted by rumours circulated , Pope Innocent X thought , by Cardinal Pamphilj , serves to place on the painter 's shoulders the vengeful act that could not have been overlooked -- or discouraged -- by Pope Innocent X Barberini patron .
 Pope Innocent X   thought  

 While some of these depictions of women are speculated to be images of worshippers and priestesses officiating at religious ceremonies , as opposed to the deity , several goddesses appear to be portrayed .
 some of these depictions of women   are speculated  

 This same verse of the Quran ( Chapter 4 , verse 3 ) is the most authentic Islamic reference certifying that a Muslim man who could ensure equitable financial support for multiple spouses is further allowed to have concubines in addition to the prescribed four wives provided he assures justice .
 the prescribed four wives   provided  

 This can be seen walking through downtown where you will find many large murals painted on the buildings .
 This   can be seen  

 Using a computer to control Tailplane allows these aircraft to be flown in the same manner .
 these aircraft   to be flown  

 London Borough of Croydon network consists of three lines , from Elmers End to West Croydon , from Beckenham to West Croydon , and from New Addington to Wimbledon , with all three lines running via the Croydon loop on which it is centred on .
 all three lines   running  

 In 1881 , students at Oberlin formed the Oberlin Band to journey as a group to remote Shanxi province in China .
 students at Oberlin   formed the Oberlin Band to journey  

 Treating moderate to severe hypertension decreases death rates and cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in people aged 60 and older .
 people   aged  

 Recycling are airtight , so oxygen and moisture do not break down the trash the same way Recycling would in a dump , '' clearly the environment needs recycling more than we imagined .
 we   imagined  

 The reign of the last ruler of the Salian dynasty Henry V coincided with the final phase of the great Investiture Controversy , which had pitted pope against emperor .
 The reign of the last ruler of the Salian dynasty Henry V   coincided  

 It was produced as part of the Harvard-Peabody Expedition to study the highlands of New Guinea , at that time one of the few remaining areas in the world uncolonized by Europeans .
 It   was produced  

 This is because captured pieces , which are said to be in hand , have a crucial impact on the course of the game .
 captured pieces   are said  

 Although the new licensing laws prevented new beer houses from being created , those already in existence were allowed to continue and many did not close until nearly the end of the 19th century .
 those already in existence   were allowed  

 The only court that tries by jury is the cour d'assises .
 The only court   tries  

 Once the various semiconductor devices have been created , Semiconductor device fabrication must be interconnected to form the desired electrical circuits .
 the various semiconductor devices   have been created  

 Only members attached to a qualifying NCF unit are eligible for the SCWS pin .
 Only members   attached  

 Each of the hyperbolic components has a , namely the point c such that the inner Fatou domain for has a super-attracting cycle ( the attraction is infinite ) .
 namely the point   c such  

 At the time of Bardeen 's death , then-University of Illinois chancellor Morton Weir said , `` It is a rare person whose work changes the life of every American ; John 's did '' .
 a rare person whose work changes the life of every American   did  

 Finally there is a short piece of prose summarizing the tale of Loki 's binding , which is told in fuller form in the Gylfaginning section of Snorri Sturluson 's Prose Edda .
 Loki 's binding   is told  

 Their duties include `` the preservation and enhancement of the quality of the natural environment , including water , air and soil quality ; renewable resources , including migratory birds and other non-domestic flora and fauna ; water ; meteorology ; '' The Environmental Protection Act is the main piece of Canadian environmental legislation that was put into place March 31 , 2000 .
 Their duties   include  

 Throughout the rest of Major 's premiership the exact identity of the three was blurred , with John Redwood 's name frequently appearing in a list along with two of the others .
 Throughout the rest of Major 's premiership the exact identity of the three   was blurred  

 Edmund Burke held that the advent of British dominion , and in particular the conduct of the East India Company had destroyed much that was good in these traditions and that , as a consequence of this , and the lack of new customs to replace them , the Indians were suffering .
 the Indians   were suffering  

 Together with the books of Eusebius of Caesarea patron Ambrosius , Origen 's library ( including the original manuscripts of Eusebius of Caesarea works ) formed the core of the collection that Pamphilus established .
 Origen 's library ( including the original manuscripts of Eusebius of Caesarea   works  

 The relative shear between Indochina and China caused South China Sea to open .
 South China Sea   to open  

 The proof of the theorem shows that a randomly constructed error correcting code is essentially as good as the best possible code ; the theorem is proved through the statistics of such random codes .
 the theorem   is proved  

 An example of His light is like a lantern inside which there is a torch , the torch is in a glass bulb , the glass bulb is like a bright planet lit by a blessed olive tree , neither Eastern nor Western , Olive oil oil almost glows , even without fire touching Olive oil , light upon light '' .
 Olive oil oil   almost glows  

 Mindful of the origin of Pope Innocent IX success , Innocent IX supported , during Pope Innocent IX two months ' pontificate , the cause of Philip II and the Catholic League against Henry IV of France ( 1589 -- 1610 ) in the civil Wars of Religion ( 1562 -- 1598 ) , where a papal army was in the field .
 Innocent IX   supported  

 The tenth plague was the slaying of the Egyptian male first-born children , whereupon such terror seized the Egyptians that they ordered the Hebrews to leave .
 the Hebrews   to leave  

 Finnish markka was replaced by the euro , which had been introduced , in cash form , on 1 January 2002 , after a transitional period of three years when the euro was the official currency but only existed as ` book money ' .
 the euro   only existed  

 Spenser (character) has also never been released on DVD , though several internet vendors sell bootleg sets of questionable quality .
 Spenser   has also never been released  

 Among these men was Heracles ' servant Hylas who was gathering water while Heracles was out finding some wood to carve a new oar to replace the one that broke .
 the one   broke  

 After many members ( including Ursula K. Le Guin ) protested Lem 's treatment by the SFWA , a member offered to pay Stanisław Lem dues .
 a member   offered  

 Carvings which symbolize these tales are sufficiently conventionalized to be readily recognizable even by persons whose lineage did not recount them as their own legendary history '' .
 Carvings which symbolize these tales   are sufficiently conventionalized  

 The country code top-level domain for Martinique is .
 The country code top-level domain for Martinique   is  

 The stationary value for the entire continuum of Lagrangian values corresponding to some path , not just one value of the Lagrangian , is required ( in other words Laws of science not as simple as `` differentiating a function and setting Laws of science to zero , then solving the equations to find the points of maxima and minima etc '' , rather this idea is applied to the entire `` shape '' of the function , see calculus of variations for more details on this procedure ) .
 not just one value of the Lagrangian   is required  

 To celebrate this , a forest named `` the Thousand Year Forest '' ( Danish : Tusindårsskoven ) was cultivated .
 a forest named `` the Thousand Year Forest '' ( Danish : Tusindårsskoven )   was cultivated  

 Subsequently Berlusconi told the press : `` We are aware of the crucial role of moderate Arab countries ... Silvio Berlusconi am sorry that words that have been misunderstood have offended the sensitivity of Silvio Berlusconi Arab and Muslim friends '' .
 words   have been misunderstood  

 Tolkien had an intense dislike for the side effects of industrialization , which J. R. R. Tolkien considered to be devouring the English countryside and simpler life .
 J. R. R. Tolkien   considered  

 Charge induced shifting is normally due to : a modest excess of low voltage ( -1 to -20 eV ) electrons attached to the surface , or a modest shortage of electrons ( +1 to +15 eV ) within the top 1-12 nm of the sample caused by the loss of photo-emitted electrons .
 low voltage ( -1 to -20 eV ) electrons   attached  

 Reproduced by scribes on papyrus or parchment , the elegant characters of the inscriptions become the square capitals of the manuscripts , and the actuaria , as the writing of the acta is called , becomes the rustic capital .
 the writing of the acta   is called  

 Some make the distinction that in a `` command economy '' , enterprises need not follow Planned economy or be coordinated through planning - the dominant coordinating mechanism comes in the form of Planned economy from higher authorities .
 the dominant coordinating mechanism   comes  

 Up to 500 marines were training in Mogadishu with their training expected to finish in December 2009 .
 their training   expected  

 For instance , in the tritone B -- F , B would be `` mi '' , that is the third scale degree in the `` hard '' hexachord beginning on G , while F would be `` fa '' , that is the fourth scale degree in the `` natural '' hexachord beginning on C. Later in history with the rise of the Baroque and Classical music era , that interval came to be perfectly accepted , but yet was used in a specific controlled way , notably through the principle of the tension/release mechanism of the tonal system .
 that interval   came  

 The unicameral Seychellois parliament , the National Assembly or Assemblée Nationale , consists of 34 members , of whom 25 are elected directly by popular vote , while the remaining nine seats are appointed proportionally according to the percentage of votes received by each party .
 the remaining nine seats   are appointed proportionally  

 A private funeral service was held at Golders Green Crematorium on 26 July , conducted by Sellers 's old friend , Canon John Hester ; Peter Sellers final joke was the playing of `` In the Mood '' by Glenn Miller , a tune Peter Sellers hated .
 a tune   hated  

 Richard Honeywood translated , working with Kato to rewrite certain dialogue for ease of comprehension in English .
 Richard Honeywood   translated  

 In many early graphical applications , such as video games , Parallax was constructed of independent layers that were scrolled at different speeds in a simulated parallax motion effect when the player/cursor moved , a method called parallax scrolling .
 the player/cursor   moved  

 X-ray fluorescence all share the same detection principle : An incoming X-ray photon ionises a large number of detector atoms with the amount of charge produced being proportional to the energy of the incoming photon .
 charge   produced  

 As current versions of PGP have added additional encryption algorithms , the degree of their cryptographic vulnerability varies with the algorithm used .
 the degree of their cryptographic vulnerability   varies  

 Greek fire , extensively used by the Byzantine Empire , is said to have been invented by Kallinikos ( Callinicus ) of Heliopolis , probably about 673 .
 Greek fire , extensively used by the Byzantine Empire   is said  

 As Iraq-Kuwait relations rapidly deteriorated , Saddam was receiving conflicting information about how the U.S. would respond to the prospects of an invasion .
 Iraq-Kuwait relations   rapidly deteriorated  

 The proposed blast-freezer operations in Asau were expected to bring this village back to life .
 The proposed blast-freezer operations in Asau   were expected  

 While passing through Chicago , John Brown (abolitionist) met with Allan Pinkerton who arranged and raised the fare for the passage to Detroit .
 Allan Pinkerton   arranged  

 Ticknor died with Hawthorne at Nathaniel Hawthorne side in Philadelphia in 1864 ; Hawthorne was left , according to a friend , `` apparently dazed '' .
 Hawthorne   was left  

 The negotiations failed , due to Fletcher addressing Feodor with two of his titles omitted .
 two of his titles   omitted  

 `` Lenin is said to have declared that the best way to destroy the Capitalist System was to debauch the currency .
 Lenin   is said  

 People have different susceptibilities to Altitude sickness ; for some otherwise healthy people , acute altitude sickness can begin to appear at around 2000 meters ( 6,500 ft ) above sea level , such as at many mountain ski resorts , equivalent to a pressure of 80 kPa .
 acute altitude sickness   can begin  

 Most Protestants deny the need for this type of continuity and the historical claims involved have been severely questioned ; Eric Jay comments that the account given of the emergence of the episcopate in chapter III of Lumen Gentium `` is very sketchy , and many ambiguities in the early history of the Christian ministry are passed over '' Their reasons are given in detail below .
 the need for this type of continuity and the historical claims   have been severely questioned  

 The precise dependence can be calculated from the Néel-Arrhenius equation , assuming that the neighboring clusters behave independently of one another ( if clusters interact , their behavior becomes more complicated ) .
 clusters   interact  

 The playwright may have been making metaphorical use of a passage in Plutarch that does not refer to deafness at all , but rather to a gesture Alexander of Macedon customarily made .
 Alexander of Macedon   customarily made  

 Efforts to preserve Newcastle upon Tyne historic past were evident as long ago as 1934 , when the Museum of Science and Industry opened , as did the John G Joicey Museum in the same year .
 the Museum of Science and Industry   opened  

 The researches were unable to identify the physical parameters by which the EEG effect was mediated .
 the EEG effect   was mediated  

 This is studied in chemical thermodynamics , which sets limits on quantities like how far a reaction can proceed , or how much energy can be converted into work in a combustion engine and which provides links between properties like the thermal expansion coefficient and change of rate in entropy with pressure for a gas or a liquid .
 a reaction   can proceed  

 Leaks developed along the entire length of Erie Canal , but these were sealed with a newly invented cement that hardened underwater ( hydraulic cement ) .
 these   were sealed  

 The royal power , John Wycliffe taught , is consecrated through the testimony of Holy Scripture and the Fathers .
 The royal power   is consecrated  

 It had reappeared during the years 1875 -- 1879 , when the Eastern Question excited Russian society .
 It   had reappeared  

 Another factor was that , at 37 , Tchaikovsky might have been more set in Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky bachelor 's ways than Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky would have admitted .
 Tchaikovsky   more set  

 An adaptor for the Jaguar that allows for WebTV access was revealed in 1998 , one prototype is known to exist .
 one prototype   to exist  

 The CTM Exploit made Direct Connect (file sharing) presence known during 2006-2007 ; Direct Connect (file sharing) made the developers take security issues more seriously since the whole direct connect network suffered from DDoS attacks from this exploit .
 the whole direct connect network   suffered  

 In the computer science subfields of computer-aided design and computer graphics , the term B-spline frequently refers to a spline curve parametrized by spline functions that are expressed as linear combinations of B-splines ( in the mathematical sense above ) .
 spline functions   are expressed  

 In information theory , the Shannon -- Hartley theorem tells the maximum rate at which information can be transmitted over a communications channel of a specified bandwidth in the presence of noise .
 information   can be transmitted  

 In 2006 , Nightwood Editions published radiant danse uv being ( Jeff Pew & Stephen Roxborough , eds .
 Jeff Pew & Stephen Roxborough   eds  

 However , the superior climb rate of the Bf 109 enabled fast , swooping attacks , neutralizing the advantages offered by conventional defensive tactics .
 the superior climb rate of the Bf 109   enabled fast  

 Burke published Two Letters to Gentlemen of Bristol on the Bills relative to the Trade of Ireland , in which Edmund Burke espoused `` some of the chief principles of commerce ; such as the advantage of free intercourse between all parts of the same kingdom ... the evils attending restriction and monopoly ... and that the gain of others is not necessarily our loss , but on the contrary an advantage by causing a greater demand for such wares as we have for sale '' .
 we   have  

 John Diefenbaker mocked Pearson , contrasting the party leader 's address at the Liberal leadership convention with John Diefenbaker speech to the House : On Thursday there was shrieking defiance , on the following Monday there is shrinking indecision ... The only reason that this motion is worded as it is is that John Diefenbaker honourable friends opposite quake when they think of what will happen if an election comes ... It is the resignation from responsibility of a great party .
 an election   comes  

 The other Rutherford films ( all directed by George Pollock ) were Murder at the Gallop ( 1963 ) , based on the 1953 Hercule Poirot novel After the Funeral ( In this film , she is identified as Miss JTV Marple , though there was no indication as to what the extra initials might stand for ) ; Murder Most Foul ( 1964 ) , based on the 1952 Poirot novel Mrs McGinty 's Dead ; and Murder Ahoy !
 the extra initials   might stand  

 It is in the Boethius that the oft-quoted sentence occurs : `` Alfred the Great will was to live worthily as long as Alfred the Great lived , and after Alfred the Great life to leave to them that should come after , Alfred the Great memory in good works '' .
 the oft-quoted sentence   occurs  

 A cardinal 's secretary wrote : `` In this painting there are but vulgarity , sacrilege , impiousness and disgust ... One would say it is a work made by a painter that can paint well , but of a dark spirit , and who has been for a lot of time far from God , from Caravaggio adoration , and from any good thought ... '' The Death of the Virgin , then , commissioned in 1601 by a wealthy jurist for Caravaggio private chapel in the new Carmelite church of Santa Maria della Scala , was rejected by the Carmelites in 1606 .
 a painter   can paint well  

 Uttu , on her ancestress Ninhursag 's advice buried Enki 's seed in the earth , whereupon eight plants ( the very first ) sprung up .
 eight plants   sprung up  

 Two letters of the word `` Nile '' are crossed out and Frohne suggests that , `` The letters that are wiped out and scribbled over perhaps reflect the acts of historians who have conveniently forgotten that Egyptians were black and blacks were enslaved '' .
 blacks   were enslaved  

 When it was no longer possible to rely on design evolution to improve upon Systems engineering and the existing tools were not sufficient to meet growing demands , new methods began to be developed that addressed the complexity directly .
 new methods   to be developed  

 The rally , held at the Toronto Zionist Centre , attracted a counter-protest organized by Anti-Racist Action ( ARA ) resulting in four ARA being arrested .
 four ARA   being arrested  

 John Keats composed five of John Keats six great odes at Wentworth Place in April and May and , although it is debated in which order they were written , `` Ode to Psyche '' opened the published series .
 they   were written  

 The gravitational mass of Jupiter was found to be approximately a thousandth of the gravitational mass of the Sun .
 The gravitational mass of Jupiter   was found  

 ( It should be noted that in the account given of the same events , in rabbinic sources ( b. Talmud Shabbat 99a ; Exodus Rabbah 41 ) and in the Qur ` an , Aaron is not the idol-maker and upon Moses ' return begged Aaron pardon as Aaron had felt mortally threatened by the Israelites ( Quran 7:142 -152 ) . )
 the account   given  

 Similarly , in the High Church Lutheranism of Germany , some religious brotherhoods like Hochkirchliche St. Johannes-Bruderschaft and Hochkirchlicher Apostolat St. Ansgar have managed to arrange for their own bishop to be re-ordained in apostolic succession .
 their own bishop   to be re-ordained  

 Frames of reference are especially important in special relativity , because when a frame of reference is moving at some significant fraction of the speed of light , then the flow of time in that frame does not necessarily apply in another frame .
 a frame of reference   is moving  

 In 1988 , after Burgess has died and his son Alex has been charged with watching Dream , Dream is able to escape .
 Dream   to escape  

 Foreign relations of the People's Republic of China is transported on elephants to the Dashi ( on the coast ) , who then load Foreign relations of the People's Republic of China upon their ships to exchange Foreign relations of the People's Republic of China for other commodities in Sanfoqi .
 Foreign relations of the People's Republic of China   is transported  

 The distance that signals had to travel between ICs on the boards limited a computer 's operating speed .
 The distance   signals  

 Jay Leno 's got everything to lose in terms of public popularity by going back .
 everything   to lose  

 On the way , Moses was nearly killed by God because Moses son was not circumcised .
 Moses son   was not circumcised  

 Since Laparoscopic surgery will still be working with scopes and other laparoscopic instruments , CO2 will have to be maintained in the patient 's abdomen , so a device known as a hand access port ( a sleeve with a seal that allows passage of the hand ) must be used .
 so a device known as a hand access port ( a sleeve with a seal that allows passage of the hand )   must be used  

 A more useful example is the set of subsets of the real line formed by starting with all open intervals and adding in all countable unions , countable intersections , and relative complements and continuing this process until the relevant closure properties are achieved ( a construction known as the Borel σ-algebra see Borel set ) .
 the relevant closure properties   are achieved  

 As a result , angry mobs were instigated against the Constitution which was publicly torn up .
 the Constitution   was publicly torn up  

 While satire of everyday life in the USSR was allowed , the most prominent satirist being Arkady Raikin , political satire existed in the form of anecdotes .
 satire of everyday life in the USSR   was allowed  

 The most important cooking technique introduced by the Spanish was frying .
 The most important cooking technique introduced by the Spanish   was frying  

 Microsoft Word 2001 , released in 2000 , added a few new features , including the Office Clipboard , which allowed users to copy and paste multiple items .
 users   to copy  

 Contempt of court is a court order which in the context of a court trial or hearing , declares a person or organization to have disobeyed or been disrespectful of Contempt of court authority .
 a person or organization   to have disobeyed  

 The physics principle behind orbital resonance is similar in concept to pushing a child on a swing , where the orbit and the swing both have a natural frequency , and the other body doing the `` pushing '' will act in periodic repetition to have a cumulative effect on the motion .
 the other body   doing  

 9 - '' ... and in our own time Antinous , favourite of Hadrian , Emperor of the Romans , whom , although men know Antinous was a mere man , and not a respectable man , but on the contrary , full of licentiousness , yet they worship for fear of Antinous that enjoined it .
 men   know  

 As a result , designating `` early real-time strategy '' titles is problematic because such games are being held up to modern standards .
 such games   are being held up  

 The diameter of this circle , called the circumdiameter , can be found from the law of sines stated above .
 The diameter of this circle , called the circumdiameter   can be found  

 He did not explicitly define these terms , causing some confusion among subsequent writers concerning what he meant , but in 1898 he wrote `` These linear forms indeed consist of simple geometrical figures which unlike the more complicated pictorial class were little susceptible to modification , '' and `` That the linear or quasi-alphabetic signs ... were in the main ultimately derived from the rudely scratched line pictures belonging to the infancy of art can hardly be doubted '' .
 he   meant  

 While most extrasolar planetary systems discovered have not been found to have planets in mean-motion resonances , some remarkable examples have been uncovered : Cases of extrasolar planets close to a 1:2 mean-motion resonance are fairly common .
 some remarkable examples   have been uncovered  

 If , in some future experiment , one of the mass-related phenomena is shown to be not proportional to the others , then that specific phenomenon will no longer be considered a part of the abstract concept of mass .
 one of the mass-related phenomena   is shown  

 , Netscape original domain name ) , is a multilingual open content directory of World Wide Web links owned by Netscape that is constructed and maintained by a community of volunteer editors .
 a multilingual open content directory of World Wide Web links   is constructed  

 This condition is believed to be due to calcification of the arteries resulting an abnormally high blood pressure readings with a blood pressure cuff while intra arterial measurements of blood pressure are normal .
 This condition   is believed  

 Article nine says that `` a non-Muslim may not become a citizen '' ; Article ten says that `` no law contrary to any principle of Islam can be applied '' .
 no law contrary to any principle of Islam   can be applied  

 For example we can consider the square root function restricted to the integers Thus g ( n ) is only defined for n that are perfect squares ( i.e. 0 , 1 , 4 , 9 , 16 , ... ) .
 the integers   g  

 The standardization for the means by which cases are brought , parties are informed , evidence is presented , and facts are determined is intended to maximize the fairness of any proceeding .
 parties   are informed  

 Korotayev and coauthors have revealed a rather significant correlation between the level of literacy in the early 19th century and successful modernization and economic breakthroughs in the late 20th century , as ` Literacy people could be characterized by a greater innovative-activity level , which provides opportunities for modernization , development , and economic growth ' In Kerala , India , for example , female and child mortality rates declined dramatically in the 1960s , when girls schooled according to the education reforms after 1948 began to raise families .
 female and child mortality rates   declined dramatically  

 The Weil conjecture on Tamagawa numbers proved resistant for many years .
 Tamagawa numbers   proved  

 Repeated attempts to dock went on for 1 hour and 42 minutes , until it was suggested that pilot Roosa hold Kitty Hawk against Antares using Apollo 14 thrusters , then the docking probe would be retracted out of the way , hopefully triggering the docking latches .
 it   was suggested  

 Kaltenbrunner was executed by hanging at around 1:40 a.m.
 Kaltenbrunner   was executed  

 However , a ripped version of the acetate began circulating the internet in January 2007 .
 a ripped version of the acetate   began  

 `` Jerry Falwell speaks about WTC disaster , Christian Broadcasting Network / ref > Jerry Falwell further stated that the attacks were `` probably deserved , '' a statement which Christopher Hitchens called treasonous .
 the attacks   probably deserved  

 In 1969 , Marcel Lefebvre received permission from the local bishop to establish a seminary in Fribourg which opened with nine students , moving to Écône , Switzerland in 1971 .
 a seminary in Fribourg   opened  

 Leaching occurs on the dunes , washing humus into the slacks , and the slacks may be much more developed than the exposed tops of Dune .
 the slacks   much more developed  

 1980s software crackers added custom introductory credits sequences ( intros ) to programs whose copy protection Machinima had removed .
 whose copy protection Machinima   had removed  

 The only world other than Earth known to harbor lakes is Titan , Saturn 's largest moon , which has lakes of ethane , most likely mixed with methane .
 The only world other than Earth   known  

 But Wimsey , provoked by a ball which clips his elbow , shows off the form which made him a first-team star at Eton and Oxford .
 Wimsey   shows  

 The Musical Times wrote , `` This practical experience proved to be of the greatest value to the young musician .
 This practical experience   proved  

 Notable stories of this type include `` Painwise '' , in which a space explorer has been altered to be immune to pain but finds such an existence intolerable , and `` A Momentary Taste of Being '' , in which the true purpose of humanity , found on a distant planet , renders individual human life entirely pointless .
 a space explorer   has been altered  

 Michael Alexander argues that a precontract of marriage to Eleanor Talbot would not have affected the legitimacy of Edward 's sons , since they were born after Lady Eleanor Talbot died , Lady Eleanor Talbot death negating any marriage .
 died   Lady Eleanor Talbot  

 The opening consists of arranging one 's defenses and positioning for attack , the mid game consists of attempting to break through the opposing defenses while maintaining one 's own , and the end game starts when one side 's defenses have been compromised .
 one side 's defenses   have been compromised  

 The first competition Aeschylus would have participated in , consisted of three playwrights each presenting three tragic plays followed by a shorter comedic satyr play .
 three tragic plays   followed  

 At least some Morse code training software used a code key connected to Serial port , to simulate actual code use .
 a code key   connected  

 Wilco won two Grammy Awards for their fifth studio album , 2004 's A Ghost Is Born , including Best Alternative Music Album .
 2004 's A Ghost   Is Born  

 In Hungary the term used is `` Community Service System '' ( KÖR ) .
 the term   used  

 Only the innermost elevons , which are attached to the stiffest area of the wings , were active at high speed .
 Only the innermost elevons   are attached  

 Lansing, Michigan is the last of the county 's townships to be surveyed , and the land not offered for sale until October 1830 .
 the county 's townships   to be surveyed  

 Importantly , John Harrison showed everyone that it could be done by using a watch to calculate longitude .
 it   could be done  

 and alone in Chinese history Yongle Emperor was sentenced to execution of 10 degrees of kinship : along with Yongle Emperor entire family , every former student or peer of Fang Xiaoru that the Yongle Emperor 's agents could find was also killed .
 every former student or peer of Fang Xiaoru   was also killed  

 The observation that women tend to reach orgasm more easily when Orgasm are ovulating also suggests that Orgasm is tied to increasing fertility .
 Orgasm   is tied  

 However , the Baroque movement that followed was destined to have the most enduring impact on Maltese art and architecture .
 the Baroque movement   followed  

 Joan of Kent third husband , the Black Prince , had built a chantry for Joan of Kent in the crypt of Canterbury Cathedral ( where he was to have been buried ) , with ceiling bosses of Joan of Kent face .
 he   to have been buried  

 Joyce 's Wake is claimed to be a gigantic cryptogram which reveals a cyclic pattern for the whole history of man through its Ten Thunders .
 Joyce 's Wake   is claimed  

 Indian troops marching to Thag La had suffered in the previously unexperienced conditions ; two Gurkha soldiers died of pulmonary edema .
 Indian troops marching to Thag La   had suffered  

 If the Christian faith fell into ruin in Alfred the Great kingdom , if the clergy were too ignorant to understand the Latin words they butchered in their offices and liturgies , if the ancient monasteries and collegiate churches lay deserted out of indifference , Alfred the Great was answerable before God , as Josiah had been .
 the ancient monasteries and collegiate churches   lay deserted  

 The `` SO '' input pin , when asserted , would set the processor 's overflow status bit ( deasserting MOS Technology 6502 does not clear the overflow bit , however ) .
 The `` SO '' input pin   asserted  

 ` Swinging ' the sextant about the axis of the telescope ensures that the reading is being taken with Sextant held vertically .
 the reading   is being taken  

 Pepsi success under Guth came while the Loft Candy business was faltering .
 the Loft Candy business   was faltering  

 While the consequences of this for the reaction mechanism of chromatin remodeling are not known , the dynamic nature of the system may allow Nucleosome to respond faster to external stimuli .
 the consequences of this for the reaction mechanism of chromatin remodeling   are not known  

 CMT patients must take extra care to avoid falling because fractures take longer to heal in someone with an underlying disease process .
 fractures   to heal  

 This system of école libre ( Free Schooling ) is mostly used not for religious reasons , but for practical reasons ( private schools may offer more services , such as after-class tutoring ) as well as the desire of parents living in disenfranchised areas to send School choice children away from the local schools , where School choice perceive that the youth are too prone to delinquency or have too many difficulties keeping up with schooling requirements that the educational content is bound to suffer .
 the educational content   is bound  

 The family returned to western Maine in 1975 , where King completed Stephen King fourth novel , The Stand ( published 1978 ) .
 The Stand   published  

 For an inert gas the narcotic potency was found to be proportional to Nitrogen narcosis lipid solubility .
 the narcotic potency   was found  

 The book covers that Joe Orton and Halliwell vandalised have since become a valued part of the Islington Local History Centre collection .
 Joe Orton and Halliwell   vandalised  

 After 1958 when the pressure from Moskow decreased , Sofia turned back to the view that the separate Macedonian language did not exist and that the Macedonians in Blagoevgrad province ( Pirin Macedonia ) were actually Bulgarians .
 the pressure from Moskow   decreased  

 Miranda 's past geological activity is believed to have been driven by tidal heating at a time when Miranda (moon) orbit was more eccentric than currently .
 Miranda 's past geological activity   is believed  

 Rommel , concerned that his army would be completely enveloped and destroyed if he once again halted to face the Eighth Army , had , with the agreement of Field Marshal Bastico , sent a request to the Italian Comando Supremo in Rome to withdraw all the way to Tunisia where the terrain would better suit a defensive action and where he could link with the Axis army forming there in response to the Operation Torch landings .
 he   could link  

 The court , by contrast , proposed an interpretation of the law that legitimised the trial , which was founded on '' ... the fundamental proposition that the King of England was not a person , but an office whose every occupant was entrusted with a limited power to govern ` by and according to the laws of the land and not otherwise ' '' .
 the trial   was founded  

 There is a strong tendency for SVO languages to have auxiliaries precede main verbs : I am thinking .
 I   am thinking  

 Myth , then is always an account of a `` creation '' ; Creation myth related how something was produced , began to be .
 Creation myth   related  

 Pedro Martínez became the only starting pitcher in history to have more than twice as many strikeouts in a season ( 284 ) as hits allowed ( 128 ) .
 hits   allowed  

 John Keats have a sensation at the present moment as though John Keats was dissolving -- John Keats should be exquisitely miserable without the hope of soon seeing you ... John Keats have been astonished that Men could die Martyrs for religion -- John Keats have shudder 'd at it -- John Keats shudder no more -- John Keats could be martyr 'd for John Keats Religion -- Love is John Keats religion -- John Keats could die for that -- John Keats could die for you '' .
 John Keats   was dissolving  

 When Zhu Biao , the eldest of Hongwu 's sons , passed away , the Hongwu Emperor gave the throne to Zhu Biao 's son .
 Zhu Biao   passed away  

 Caravaggio style continued to evolve -- Saint Ursula is caught in a moment of highest action and drama , as the arrow fired by the king of the Huns strikes her in the breast , unlike earlier paintings which had all the immobility of the posed models .
 Caravaggio style   to evolve  

 Some of this distortion is overcome by using an inaudible high-frequency AC bias signal when recording , though the amount of bias needs careful adjustment for best results .
 Some of this distortion   is overcome  

 Republic of Sierra Leone Armed Forces then remained largely unchanged for 16 years until in 1995 when Defence Headquarters ( DHQ ) was established and the Sierra Leone Air Wing ( SLAW ) formed .
 Defence Headquarters   was established  

 Thus , when a statute in some fashion requires the formation of a corporate body -- often for governmental purposes -- such bodies when formed are known as `` creatures of statute '' .
 such bodies   formed  

 The most striking lines , however , state that in this play Oedipus was blinded by Laius ' attendants , and that this happened before his identity as Laius ' son had been discovered , therefore marking important differences with the Sophoclean treatment of the myth , which is now regarded as the ` standard ' version .
 Laius ' son   had been discovered  

 The multielectron catalytic chemistry involved in making carbon-based fuels ( such as methanol ) from reduction of carbon dioxide is challenging ; a feasible alternative is hydrogen production from protons , though use of water as the source of electrons ( as plants do ) requires mastering the multielectron oxidation of two water molecules to molecular oxygen .
 plants   do  

 The judging commission felt that `` the true equations of the movement were not established , '' even though `` the experiments presented ingenious results '' .
 the true equations of the movement   were not established  

 When certain compounds are illuminated with high energy light , Microscopy emit light of a different , lower frequency .
 certain compounds   are illuminated  

 In the Civitas think tank pamphlet , The Retreat of Reason : Political correctness and the Corruption of Public Debate in Modern Britain ( 2006 ) , the British politician Anthony Browne said that `` the most overt racism , sexism and homophobia in Britain is now among the weakest groups , in ethnic minority communities , because their views are rarely challenged , as challenging them equates to oppressing them .
 Civitas   think  

 The road then proceeds in a generally southwest direction about 12 miles until the station area of Area 51 is reached .
 the station area of Area 51   is reached  

 Parallax-based graphics continue to be used for many online applications where the bandwidth required by three-dimensional graphics is excessive .
 Parallax-based graphics   continue  

 First , nitrogen used with the in-flight pressure reduction carried the clear risk of decompression sickness ( known as `` the bends '' ) .
 nitrogen   used  

 Modalism differs from Unitarianism by accepting the Christian doctrine that Jesus is fully God .
 Modalism   differs  

 After the complaint is filed , the plaintiff must file a motion to have the class certified .
 the complaint   is filed  

 These shotguns were fitted with bayonets and a heat shield so the barrel could be gripped while the bayonet was deployed .
 These shotguns   were fitted  

 With substantial financial benefits to the AFL if South Australia did field a composite team , Port Adelaide may have been the `` fall guy '' that was encouraged to force the SANFL to field a team earlier than Port Adelaide Football Club had intended .
 Port Adelaide Football Club   had intended  

 However , when the time comes for her to undergo a near-fatal `` conversion '' into the Amazonian ranks , she escapes , aided by Penny Black , who is wounded by Artemis in the process .
 she   escapes  

 The death sentences were carried out 16 October 1946 by hanging using the standard drop method instead of long drop .
 The death sentences   by hanging  

 The master transmitter at Lake Kickapoo is said to be the most powerful continuous wave ( CW ) station in the world , at 768 kW radiated power on 216.97927
 The master transmitter at Lake Kickapoo   is said  

 However , Camille Pissarro style of painting , which was a forerunner of what was later called `` Impressionism '' , did not do well .
 Camille Pissarro style of painting   did not do well  

 The film as released opens with a dedication : To the memory of those who made us laugh : the motley mountebanks , the clowns , the buffoons , in all times and in all nations , whose efforts have lightened our burden a little , this picture is affectionately dedicated.This was originally intended to be spoken by Sullivan .
 The film as released   opens  

 Abu Nidal had a steady sponsor , while Gaddafi had a mercenary in place for any operations Libyan intelligence could not carry out directly .
 Libyan intelligence   could not carry out directly  

 Mid-war parlays between the two sides occurred without formal political recognition , though the laws of war predominantly governed military relationships on both sides of uniformed conflict .
 Mid-war parlays between the two sides   occurred  

 In 1847 , after speaking at the `` Free Church , '' the famed African-American abolitionist Frederick Douglass spent a night speaking with John Brown , after which John Brown (abolitionist) wrote , `` from this night spent with John Brown in Springfield , Mass. in 1847 while John Brown (abolitionist) continued to write and speak against slavery , John Brown (abolitionist) became all the same less hopeful for its peaceful abolition .
 John Brown   continued to write  

 The proposal was picked up by most Slovene parties , and a mass mobilization of Slovene civil society , known as the Declaration Movement , followed .
 a mass mobilization of Slovene civil society   followed  

 Saint Publius is said to have been made Malta first bishop and a grotto in Rabat , now known as `` St Paul 's Grotto '' ( and in the vicinity of which evidence of Christian burials and rituals from the 3rd century AD has been found ) , is among the earliest known places of Christian worship on the island .
 the 3rd century AD   has been found  

 The transcription of the syllable ( Linear B may not have been pronounced that way ) is listed next to the sign along with Bennett 's identifying number for the sign preceded by an asterisk ( as was Ventris ' and Chadwick 's convention ) .
 Linear B   may not have been pronounced  

 Snooker thus became attached to the billiards game now bearing Snooker name as inexperienced players were labelled as snookers .
 Snooker   attached  

 When she dies , a nuclear bomb obliterates Metropolis .
 she   dies  

 Sanctuary , such as Sanctuary , in which fugitives formerly were immune to arrest ( recognized by English law from the fourth to the seventeenth century ) Immunity to arrest afforded by a sovereign authority .
 fugitives   to arrest  

 The largest surviving urban forest of American elms in North America is believed to be in the city of Winnipeg , Canada , where close to 200,000 elms remain .
 close to 200,000 elms   remain  

 Although the project failed , History of Slovenia served as an almost undisputed platform of Slovene political activity in the following decades .
 the project   failed  

 Many of the authorities who find Self-replication possible are clearly citing sources for much simpler self-assembling systems , which have been demonstrated .
 much simpler self-assembling systems   have been demonstrated  

 There are a series of stops in Korean , sometimes written with the IPA symbol for ejectives , which are produced using `` stiff voice '' , meaning there is increased contraction of the glottis than for normal production of voiceless stops .
 ejectives   are produced  

 In a July 25 , 1966 , letter to NFL commissioner Pete Rozelle , Hunt wrote , `` I have kiddingly called it the ` Super Bowl , ' which obviously can be improved upon '' .
 the ` Super Bowl   obviously can be improved  

 Counter-Strike faced controversy in April 2007 when Jack Thompson , a now-disbarred attorney from Florida , predicted that the perpetrator of the Virginia Tech Massacre had been trained to kill in the game , well before Seung-Hui Cho ( Counter-Strike ) was identified .
 Seung-Hui Cho   was identified  

 Holyrood Abbey therefore means the cross which Jesus Christ was crucified upon ; thus the name Holyrood is equivalent to `` Holy Cross '' .
 Jesus Christ   was crucified  

 But as information leaked out , and images of air strikes were published , the local population began to fear the potential for retaliation .
 information   leaked out  

 As more states seceded , more stars were added , until the total was 13 ( two stars were added for the divided states of Kentucky and Missouri ) .
 more states   seceded  

 A kipper is a whole herring that has been split from tail to head , gutted , salted or pickled , and cold smoked .
 a whole herring   pickled  

 Also , unlike the other two programs , the principle that the national government should contribute a portion of the underwriting cost , with the other two portions prorated accordingly , was accepted without question .
 the other two portions   prorated accordingly  

 Although the sculpture on the portals at Chartres Cathedral is generally of a high standard , the various carved elements inside , such as the capitals and string courses , are relatively poorly finished ( when compared for example with those at Reims or Soissons ) -- the reason is simply that the portals were carved from the finest Parisian limestone , or ' ` calcaire ' ' , while the internal capitals were carved from the local Berchere stone that is hard to work and can be brittle .
 the sculpture on the portals at Chartres Cathedral   is generally  

 The graph below shows the average number of element comparisons in various variants of Shell sort , divided by the theoretical lower bound , i.e. log2N !
 the theoretical lower   bound  

 In a word-final position the tonal distinction in heavy syllables is almost neutralized , with a few minimal pairs remaining such as šáuk `` shoot !
 šáuk   shoot  

 Explosives , especially the car bomb , become far more common in modern history , with grenades and remote-triggered land mines also used , especially in the Middle East and Balkans ( the initial attempt on Archduke Franz Ferdinand 's life was with a grenade ) .
 grenades and remote-triggered land mines   also used  

 Since the whole memory array is exposed , all the memory is erased at the same time .
 the whole memory array   is exposed  

 Strophe ( ; Greek , turn , bend , twist , see also phrase ) is a concept in versification which properly means a turn , as from one foot to another , or from one side of a chorus to the other .
 Greek   bend  

 Billy Wright (loyalist) was a Protestant and Billy Wright (loyalist) realised that they had been killed simply because they were Protestants .
 they   had been killed  

 Photius , writing in the 9th century , found various text appended to manuscripts of the seven canonical books , which lead Daniel Heinsius to suggest that the original eighth book is lost , and Clement of Alexandria identified the text purported to be from the eighth book as fragments of the Hypopotoses .
 the text   purported  

 Therefore , time standards that change the date after precisely 86400 SI seconds , such the International Atomic Time ( TAI ) , will get increasingly ahead of time standards tied to the mean solar day , such as Greenwich Mean Time ( GMT ) .
 time standards that change the date after precisely 86400 SI seconds ,   tied  

 Other estimates can suffer from the problem that , if Autocorrelation are used to calculate the variance of a linear combination of the 's , the variance calculated may turn out to be negative .
 the variance calculated   may turn out  

 Max Bernstein , a space scientist associated with SETI and Ames , argues the results should be interpreted with caution , noting that `` Panspermia would strain one 's credulity less to believe that terrestrial organisms had somehow been transported upwards than to assume that extraterrestrial organisms are falling inward '' .
 the results   should be interpreted  

 In particular , magazines such as the New Monthly Magazine , which wrote reviews that attacked the Irish for their actions during the famine , were representative of the dismissal by English readers of any work written about the Irish .
 any work   written  

 Elections must be held at least every 5 years and the electoral system used is single transferable vote .
 the electoral system   used  

 In addition , the number of individual Organelle of each type found in Organelle varies depending upon the function of that cell .
 the number of individual Organelle of each type   varies  

 From early beginnings with the invention of the phonograph using purely mechanical techniques , the field has advanced with the invention of electrical recording , the mass production of the 78 record , the magnetic wire recorder followed by the tape recorder , the vinyl LP record .
 the magnetic wire recorder   followed  

 One of the infantas , Margaret Theresa , the eldest daughter of the new Queen , appears to be subject of Las Meninas ( 1656 , English : The Maids of Honour ) , Velázquez 's magnum opus .
 Margaret Theresa   appears  

 Turner described how one of John Lennon cartoons depicted a bus stop sign annotated with the question , `` Why ?
 a bus stop sign   annotated  

 In 2009 when Robert Lenkiewicz estate was finally valued after lawyers spent 7 years going through personal effects Robert Lenkiewicz was found to have left # 6.5 million .
 Robert Lenkiewicz   was found  

 Coordination between the eight registered minor parties and the Communist Party of China is done through the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference which meets annually in Beijing in March at about the same time that the National People 's Congress meets .
 Coordination between the eight registered minor parties and the Communist Party of China   is done  

 In land-locked countries in particular , Cyprinidae are often the major species of fish eaten because they make the largest part of biomass in most water types except for fast-flowing rivers .
 the major species of fish   eaten  

 Falk recalled one time that Capra reshot a scene even though Peter Falk yelled `` Cut and Print '' , indicating the scene was finalized .
 the scene   was finalized  

 The deeply hurt James does n't leave without defeating Arthur in a final fencing duel , terrifying him with a home-made guillotine .
 The deeply hurt James   does n't leave  

 As a result of having hosted the inaugural meeting of Confederation , the Charlottetown Conference , Prince Edward Island presents itself as the `` Birthplace of Confederation '' and this is commemorated through several buildings , a ferry vessel , and the Confederation Bridge ( constructed 1993 to 1997 ) .
 this   is commemorated  

 The Niger River also is an important source of fish , providing food for riverside communities ; the surplus -- smoked , salted , and dried -- is exported .
 the surplus -- smoked , salted , and dried   is exported  

 Once the round has ended , surviving players retain their equipment for use in the next round ; players who were killed begin the next round with the basic default starting equipment .
 players   were killed  

 Maria Tsvetaeva had had a love affair before Marina Tsvetaeva marriage , from which Marina Tsvetaeva never recovered .
 Marina Tsvetaeva   never recovered  

 As the campaign opened , the Tories trailed in the polls by 15 points .
 the campaign   opened  

 Most natural arches form as a narrow bridge , walled by cliffs , become narrower from erosion , with a softer rock stratum under the cliff-forming stratum gradually eroding out until the rock shelters thus formed meet underneath the ridge , thus forming Natural arch .
 a softer rock stratum under the cliff-forming stratum   gradually eroding out  

 Kahane was held in prison in Ramla , where Meir Kahane wrote the book They Must Go .
 They   Must Go  

 One advantage of phonograph and gramophone discs over cylinders in the 1890s -- before electronic amplification was available -- was that large numbers of discs could be stamped quickly and cheaply .
 large numbers of discs   could be stamped quickly  

 A frog hunts on land by vision ... The lowest-level concepts related to visual perception for a human being probably differ little from the concepts of a frog .
 a human   being probably  

 A security reduction for the protocol is given in the case where , instead of a hash function , a random oracle answers each query randomly but consistently ; Oracle machine is assumed to be available to all parties including the attacker , as the hash function is .
 the hash function   is  

 The Royal New Zealand Navy ( RNZN ) replaced Kaman SH-2 Seasprite Westland Wasps with four interim SH-2F Seasprites ( ex-US Navy ) , operated and maintained by a mix of Navy and Air Force personnel known as No. 3 Squadron RNZAF Naval Support Flight , to operate with ANZAC class frigates until the fleet of five new SH-2G Super Seasprites were delivered .
 the fleet of five new SH-2G Super Seasprites   were delivered  

 Some pieces are explicitly linked to hunting , like those found in Tiémassass , near Mbour , a controversial site that some claim belongs to the Upper Paleolithic , while other argue in favor of the Neolithic .
 Some pieces   are explicitly linked  

 Residents from the Ukraine are the largest group ( 118,000 ) , followed by residents of Slovakia ( 84,000 ) .
 the largest group   followed  

 There are films of Jack Johnson (boxer) fights in which Jack Johnson (boxer) can be seen holding up Jack Johnson (boxer) opponent , who otherwise might have fallen , until Jack Johnson (boxer) recovered .
 Jack Johnson   otherwise might have fallen  

 John had little choice but to leave Syria with John II Komnenos ambitions only partially realised .
 John II Komnenos ambitions   only partially realised  

 Instead of seeking a major battle , as Charles V of France predecessors had done , Charles chose a strategy of attrition , spreading the fighting at every point possible .
 Charles V of France predecessors   had done  

 The re-written source code was in the form of the Mozilla web browser , which , with a few additions , Netscape 6 was based on .
 Netscape 6   was based  

 During Archimedes lifetime , Archimedes made Archimedes work known through correspondence with the mathematicians in Alexandria .
 Archimedes work   known  

 With the political situation deteriorating , Barre 's long-standing government in 1991 eventually collapsed under the pressure .
 the political situation   deteriorating  

 Pope signature is followed , in bulls of canonization , by those of all the cardinals resident in Rome , and in decrees of ecumenical councils , by the signatures of the other bishops participating in the council , each signing as Bishop of a particular see .
 Pope signature   is followed  

 This is despite the fact that all court rooms in the District Court have jury boxes .
 This   is  

 This Ca2 + tunneling occurs through the low-affinity Ca2 + receptor VDAC1 , which recently has been shown to be physically tethered to the IP3R clusters on the ER membrane and enriched at the MAM .
 This Ca2   tunneling  

 The concept of a county town eventually became detached from County town original meaning of where the county administration or county hall is based .
 the county administration or county hall   is based  

 Vaccines do not have the problem of resistance because a vaccine enhances the body 's natural defenses , while Antibiotic resistance operates separately from the body 's normal defenses .
 Antibiotic resistance   operates separately  

 The British joke is said to have been laid to rest when `` peace broke out '' at the end of the war , as countries agree to a Joke Warfare ban at the Geneva Convention .
 The British joke   is said  

 In addition , Israel is also widely believed to possess nuclear weapons , though Nuclear weapon does not acknowledge having them .
 Israel   is also widely believed  

 Although the European elm bark beetle is known to have occurred across southern and central Alberta , Ulmus americana does not appear to be carrying the disease in these areas .
 Ulmus americana   does not appear  

 A later adding machine , called the comptometer , did not require that a crank be pulled to add .
 a crank   to add  

 Marwan Barghouti is said to have founded Tanzim .
 Marwan Barghouti   is said  

 The South lost half Confederate States of America 2.5 million horses and mules ; many farmers ended the war with none left .
 none   left  

 A number of organizations reported computer problems following the June 30 , 2012 , leap second .
 computer problems   following  

 According to the New Schaff-Herzog Encyclopedia of Religious Knowledge , the Kestoi `` appears to have been intended as a sort of encyclopedia of the material sciences with the cognate mathematical and technical branches , but to have contained a large proportion of merely curious , trifling , or miraculous matters , on which account the authorship of Julius has been questioned .
 Kestoi   appears  

 As he continued , Hitler realized that Mein Kampf would have to be a two-volume work , with the first volume scheduled for release in early 1925 .
 he   continued  

 A group linked to al-Qaeda claimed responsibility .
 A group   linked  

 In certain advanced Laparoscopic surgery procedures where the size of the specimen being removed would be too large to pull out through a trocar site ( as would be done with a gallbladder ) an incision larger than 10mm must be made .
 the specimen   being removed  

 Once an allele becomes fixed , genetic drift comes to a halt , and the allele frequency can not change unless a new allele is introduced in the population via mutation or gene flow .
 an allele   fixed  

 In the Babylonian Talmud ( BT ) , Kiddushin 7a , Polygamy states , `` Raba said : If a man declares , ′ Be thou betrothed to half of me , ′ she is betrothed : ′ half of thee be betrothed to me , ′ she is not betrothed .
 she   is betrothed  

 At the War College examination in 1892 , Alfred Dreyfus friends had expected Alfred Dreyfus to do well .
 Alfred Dreyfus   to do well  

 The effective population ( Ne ) takes into account factors such as the level of inbreeding , the stage of the lifecycle in which Genetic drift is the smallest , and the fact that some neutral genes are genetically linked to others that are under selection .
 some neutral genes   are genetically linked  

 The suicide bomber , Thenmozhi Rajaratnam aka Dhanu , is widely believed to be have been a LTTE member .
 The suicide bomber   is widely believed  

 Eugene Shoemaker estimated that such events occur about once every 300 years .
 such events   occur  

 Oedipus sent word for the same Oracle in Delphi his birth parents consulted .
 his birth parents   consulted  

 A Harvard `` professor of plant anatomy '' examined the tree rings days after the tree was felled and pronounced Ulmus americana between 204 and 210 years old , making Ulmus americana at most 62 years old when Washington took command of the troops at Cambridge .
 the tree   was felled  

 The Minoan trade in saffron , the stigma of a mutated crocus which originated in the Aegean basin as a natural chromosome mutation , has left fewer material remains : a fresco of saffron-gatherers at Santorini is well-known .
 fewer material   remains  

 `` Since the human race started from the point of greatest poverty , that is , from the point where there were the most obstacles to be overcome , it is clear that all that has been gained from one era to the next has been due to the spirit of property '' .
 the most obstacles   to be overcome  

 By the time dictionaries were introduced in the mid 17th century , the spelling system of English had started to stabilise .
 the spelling system of English   to stabilise  

 Similarly , Persian influences , carried by the Islamic wave of conquest , went as far east as Indonesia , where Indonesians took on adopting Persian names and customs .
 Persian influences , carried by the Islamic wave of conquest   went as far east  

 Overexpression of SOD1 has been linked to the neural disorders seen in Down syndrome .
 Overexpression of SOD1   has been linked  

 The Encyclopedia Brown books are also quite popular among elementary school teachers in encouraging students to read .
 students   to read  

 Antinous says , ` They built monuments and temples to their dead as we see up to the present day , such as the one to Antinous , servant to the Emperor Hadrian , in whose honour also games were celebrated , and a city founded bearing Antinous name , and a temple with priests established ' .
 a city founded bearing Antinous name , and a temple with priests   established  

 A speed-bumped version of the R3000 running up to 40 MHz , the R3000A delivered a performance of 32 VUPs ( VAX Unit of Performance ) .
 A speed-bumped version of the R3000   running  

 Weizsäcker responded , `` Hitler never noticed Joachim von Ribbentrop babbling because Hitler always did all the talking '' .
 Joachim von Ribbentrop   babbling  

 Skeins and balls are generally sold with a yarn band , a label that describes Crochet weight , length , dye lot , fiber content , washing instructions , suggested needle size , likely gauge , etc.
 Skeins and balls   are generally sold  

 Or , a third party observing a scene may have the ability to spot something dangerous going on that both the top and submissive have missed , and need to stop the scene to point Safeword out .
 the top and submissive   have missed  

 This happens when Peter and Wendy appear to make Goofy 's dream for some adventure come true and play a game of `` Pretend to Be Pirates '' with Donald Duck , who pretends to be Captain Hook until the real Captain Hook appears and challenges Peter to a duel .
 Peter and Wendy   appear  

 Lillian Hoddeson , a University of Illinois historian who wrote a book on Bardeen , said that because John Bardeen `` differed radically from the popular stereotype of genius and was uninterested in appearing other than ordinary , the public and the media often overlooked John Bardeen '' .
 John Bardeen   was uninterested  

 Historical factors and socio-political conditions , however , have determined the extent to which universal social literacy has come to pass '' In 1871 only about half of French Canadian men in Canada self-reported that they were Literacy , whereas 90 percent of other Canadian men said they could read and write ( Greer , cited in Green , MacKinnon & Minns , 2005 ) , but information from the Canadian Families Project sample of the 1901 Census of Canada indicated that literacy rates for French Canadians and other Canadians increased , as measured by the ability of men between the ages of 16 and 65 to answer literacy questions .
 they   could read  

 Gardner was rumored to be homophobic by Lois Bourne , one of the High Priestesses of the Bricket Wood coven : Gerald was homophobic .
 Gardner   was rumored  

 The young are born with soft , leathery skin , which hardens within a few weeks .
 The young   are born  

 Another strategic item which is heavily subsidized but moving towards a market based approach is natural gas which is used in the industrial sector .
 Another strategic item   is heavily subsidized  

 XLIII-490 ( Praecepta gerendae rei publicae ; An seni sit gerenda res publica ; De capienda ex inimicis utilitate ; De se ipsum citra invidiam laudando ; Maxime cum principibus philosopho esse disserendum ; Ad principem ineruditum ; De unius in republica dominatione , populari statu et paucorum imperio ; De exilio ) Giuliano Pisani , Plutarco , Vite di Lisandro e Silla , Fondazione Lorenzo Valla , 1997 ( in collaboration with Maria Gabriella Angeli Bertinelli , Mario Manfredini , Luigi Piccirilli ) .
 seni sit gerenda res   publica  

 If A is a C where the ( C Though K ( H ) does not have an identity element , a sequential approximate identity for K ( H ) can be developed .
 a C where the ( C Though K ( H ) does not have an identity element , a sequential approximate identity for K ( H )   can be developed  

 For example , the machinima series Freeman 's Mind created by Ross Scott is filmed by taking a recording of Scott playing through the game Half Life as a player normally would and combining Machinima with a voiceover ( also recorded by Scott ) to emulate an inner monologue of the normally voiceless protagonist Gordon Freeman .
 a recording of Scott   playing  

 However , views differ on what issues should be of sub-divisional governmental structures , the subdivisions also have sovereignty in some matters where the federal government does not have jurisdiction .
 views   differ  

 The potency of the pan-Arabist ideology put forward by Gamel Abdel Nasser -- popular among Palestinian people for whom Arabism was already an important component of their identity -- tended to obscure the identities of the separate Arab states it subsumed .
 the separate Arab states   subsumed  

 For this to occur , energy is required , as in Semiconductor the next higher states lie above the band gap .
 this   to occur  

 When the CD-ROM was developed , many computers would have been unable to accept these drives if Parallel ATA had been ATA devices , due to already having two hard drives installed .
 the CD-ROM   was developed  

 Measurements made by viewing the position of some marker relative to something to be measured are subject to Parallax if the marker is some distance away from the object of measurement and not viewed from the correct position .
 Measurements   made  

 The number of dashes following a numeral represents the number of crotchets ( quarter notes ) by which the note extends .
 the number of crotchets   extends  

 Sugar production continued to dominate the local economy until 2005 , when , after 365 years as a monoculture , the government closed the sugar industry .
 Sugar production   continued  

 As Barbara was recovering , Johannes Kepler three children all fell sick with smallpox ; Friedrich , 6 , died .
 Barbara   was recovering  

 Lesser Puget Sound earthquakes with shallow epicenters , caused by the fracturing of stressed oceanic rocks as they are subducted , still cause great damage .
 they   are subducted  

 As Othello happens , Cassio is having a relationship of sorts with Bianca , a presumed prostitute .
 Othello   happens  

 The yellow-orange and pale-yellow petals of the calendula plant are said to have been used for dye before synthetic dyes were available .
 The yellow-orange and pale-yellow petals of the calendula plant   are said  

 David Lynch , you know , had the stuff '' .
 you   know  

 After the end of the war , John Steinbeck wrote The Pearl ( 1947 ) , already knowing it would be filmed .
 it   would be filmed  

 There are two official marks for conforming systems Older UNIX standards ( superseded ) AIX 5L V5 .2 with some updates , AIX 5L V5 .3 and AIX 6.1 , are registered as Single UNIX Specification compliant .
 Older UNIX standards   superseded  

 The famine ended and Rome 's plebeian citizen-soldiery co-operated in the conquest of the Latins .
 The famine   ended  

 Notable members of the al-Aqsa Martyrs ' Brigade ( ordered lexicographically according to the last name ) includes active militants and militants that were killed or arrested by the Israeli security forces .
 Notable members of the al-Aqsa Martyrs ' Brigade   ordered lexicographically  

 But if the hard drive in question is also expected to provide good throughput for other tasks at the same time , Parallel ATA probably should not be on the same cable as the optical drive .
 the hard drive in question   is also expected  

 When Servetus mentioned that John Calvin would come to Geneva if Calvin agreed , Calvin wrote a letter to Farel on 13 February 1546 noting that if Servetus were to come , John Calvin would not assure John Calvin safe conduct : `` for if John Calvin came , as far as John Calvin authority goes , John Calvin would not let John Calvin leave alive '' .
 Servetus   to come  

 However , employment of Countertenor never extended to early opera , the rise of which coincided with the arrival of a fashion for castrati , who took , for example , several roles in the first performance of Monteverdi 's Orfeo .
 employment of Countertenor   never extended  

 Manhattan Project also explored designs involving spheroids , a primitive form of `` implosion '' suggested by Richard C. Tolman , and the possibility of autocatalytic methods , which would increase the efficiency of the bomb as Manhattan Project exploded .
 Manhattan Project   exploded  

 Possible exceptions , Chadwick goes on to explain , include the two diphthongs , ( ai ) and ( au ) , as in Ai-ku-pi-ti-jo for Aiguptios and Au-ke-wa for Augewās .
 the two diphthongs   ai  

 The case prevents Pencil from breaking , and also from marking the user 's hand during use .
 Pencil   from breaking  

 The design was not uniform and in fact identification is made more on the nature of the scabbard than the weapon Sword ; the scabbard usually has a large , decorative mount allowing Sword to be suspended from a belt on the wearer 's right side .
 identification   is made  

 Microsoft Excel files themselves may be updated using a Microsoft supplied ODBC driver .
 themselves   may be updated  

 Spearmint has also been described as having excellent antioxidant activity ; Mentha spicata antioxidant activity was found to be comparable to the synthetic BHT .
 Mentha spicata antioxidant activity   was found  

 Therefore , if a player wins a game , he is assumed to have performed at a higher level than his opponent for that game .
 he   is assumed  

 A well-known usage of chorus is the lead guitar in `` Come As You Are '' by Nirvana .
 You   Are  

 In 1814 , Austen wrote a letter to Jane Austen niece , Fanny Knight , who had asked for advice about a serious relationship , telling Jane Austen that `` having written so much on one side of the question , Jane Austen shall now turn around & entreat you not to commit yourself farther , & not to think of accepting him unless you really do like him .
 you   really do  

 Given the anarchy which would follow , the new policy was a success .
 the anarchy   would follow  

 If the answer is n't yes , Compaq should get rid of Compaq .
 the answer   is n't  

 As a result , the German command began espousing a new defensive doctrine in December 1916 , one that emphasized fighting Battle of Vimy Ridge in depth , rather than rigidly holding successive lines of trenches .
 the German command   began  

 The so-called Sabaean or Himyarite language described by Abū Muhammad al-Hasan al-Hamdānī ( died 946 ) appears to be a special case of language contact between the two groups , an originally north Arabic dialect spoken in the south , and influenced by Old South Arabian .
 The so-called Sabaean or Himyarite language   died  

 Education is compulsory from ages seven to seventeen per Statute 167.031 , RSMo , states that any parent , guardian or other person having custody or control of a child between the ages of seven ( 7 ) and the compulsory attendance age for the district , must ensure that the child is enrolled in and regularly attends public , private , parochial school , home school or a combination of schools for the full term of the school year .
 the child   regularly attends public  

 Barnard 68 is a large dark nebula , located 410 light-years from Earth .
 a large dark nebula   located  

 The new emperor 's harsh campaign against Yongle Emperor weaker uncles ( dubbed , lit .
 Yongle Emperor weaker uncles   dubbed  

 The first records of Sackbut being used are around 1440 , but Sackbut not clear whether this was just a nickname for a trumpet player .
 Sackbut   being used  

 The coupling of the two states is strongest when the energy of the source matches the energy difference between the two states .
 the energy of the source   matches  

 While creation myths are not literal explications Creation myth do serve to define an orientation of humanity in the world in terms of a birth story .
 creation myths   are not  

 In the essay titled `` The God Conception of Buddhism '' he attempts to explain how a Buddhist looks at the ultimate without an anthropomorphic God figure while still being able to relate to the term God in a Buddhist sense : At the outset , let me state that Buddhism is not atheistic as the term is ordinarily understood .
 the term   is ordinarily understood  

 In jurisdictions such as the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland , voters may rank as many or as few candidates as they wish .
 they   wish  

 Needless to say , the officers are polarized by these decisions , with a large number signing a letter of resignation , until Hyperdog convinces them all to stay .
 them   to stay  

 She agreed to allow the pregnancy to continue on condition that John Lennon adopt the role of househusband ; this he agreed to do .
 the pregnancy   to continue  

 When Bimini Island Air existed , Broward County, Florida headquarters were in an unincorporated area .
 Bimini Island Air   existed  

 The Catholic Church was reinstated as the state religion with Malta under the See of Palermo , and some Norman architecture sprung up around Malta especially in Malta ancient capital Mdina .
 some Norman architecture   sprung up  

 Somewhat related to such a hypothesis , NIH scientists reported studies that life began billion years ago , billions of years before the Earth was formed , based on extrapolating the `` genetic complexity of organisms '' from `` major phylogenetic lineages '' to earlier times .
 the Earth   was formed  

 Since a compiler seldom knows where an object will reside , Linker (computing) often assumes a fixed base location ( for example , zero ) .
 an object   will reside  

 This paradox is explained by the fact that the Big Bang theory also involves the expansion of space which can cause the energy of emitted light to be reduced via redshift .
 emitted light   to be reduced  

 Languages that support multiple inheritance include : C++ , Common Lisp ( via Common Lisp Object System ( CLOS ) ) , EuLisp ( via The EuLisp Object System TELOS ) , Curl , Dylan , Eiffel , Logtalk , Object REXX , Scala ( via use of mixin classes ) , OCaml , Perl , Perl 6 , Python , and Tcl ( via Incremental Tcl ( Incr Tcl ) ) .
 Languages   include  

 The thought experiment requires an `` unconscious observation '' by the detector in order for magnification to occur .
 magnification   to occur  

 Also in 2006 , the president of Malawi , Bingu wa Mutharika asked his Mozambiquan counterpart , Armando Guebuza , to consider the provision of a new 250 kilometre rail connection from Nsanje - the then-current southern extent of Malawi Railways - to the Indian Ocean port of Chinde , near the mouth of the Zambesi .
 Bingu   wa  

 John 's name was n't released to the media by the Club until some time after the death , under request from the family until all family members had been notified , despite people releasing the name on social media hours before Port Adelaide Football Club statement .
 all family members   had been notified  

 While Petrarch 's poetry was set to music frequently after Petrarch death , especially by Italian madrigal composers of the Renaissance in the 16th century , only one musical setting composed during Petrarch 's lifetime survives .
 only one musical setting composed during Petrarch 's lifetime   survives  

 Thus , a certain number of stars will be in the shell 1,000,000,000 to 1,000,000,001 light years away , say .
 Thus , a certain number of stars will be in the shell 1,000,000,000 to 1,000,000,001 light years away   say  

 In this setting , these polynomials play the role of the prime numbers , since all other monic polynomials are built up of products of them .
 all other monic polynomials   are built up  

 Although the earlier ( Greek ) model for the Carolingian system was probably ordered like the Byzantine oktōēchos , with the four authentic modes first , followed by the four plagals , the earliest extant sources for the Latin system are organized in four pairs of authentic and plagal modes sharing the same final : protus authentic/plagal , deuterus authentic/plagal , tritus authentic/plagal , and tetrardus authentic/plagal ( Powers 2001 § II , 1 ( ii ) ) .
 the four authentic modes first   followed  

 Furthermore , the verifier ensures that any given instruction operates on a fixed stack location , allowing the JIT compiler to transform stack accesses into fixed register accesses .
 any given instruction   operates  

 Borges uses the recurring image of `` a labyrinth that folds back upon itself in infinite regression '' so we `` become aware of all the possible choices we might make '' .
 we   might make  

 As far north as Fairbanks , Alaska , a reviewer wrote that , if Civilization (film) had been shown to the people of Europe before the war started there would have been no war : '' ` Civilization (film) ' is worth $ 1.50 today , tomorrow , or at any time .
 the war   started  

 Only a day earlier , drummer Derick McKenzie posted an article on his MySpace weblog that the recording process for the same record had also begun .
 the recording process for the same record   had also begun  

 But whether or not Marcus ought to have known this to be so , the rejections of Marcus Aurelius son 's claims in favour of someone else would almost certainly involved one of the civil wars which were to proliferate so disastrous around future successions '' .
 the civil wars   to proliferate so disastrous  

 From Pretty Good Privacy first version , PGP has always included provisions for distributing user 's public keys in an ` identity certificate ' , which is also constructed cryptographically so that any tampering ( or accidental garble ) is readily detectable .
 provisions for distributing user 's public keys in an ` identity certificate   is also constructed cryptographically  

 Coen brothers first attempt was a romp titled , Henry Kissinger , Man on the Go .
 a romp   titled  

 In particular , Prime number theorem is in this paper of Riemann that the idea to apply methods of complex analysis to the study of the real function π ( x ) originates .
 the idea to apply methods of complex analysis to the study of the real function π ( x )   originates  

 Their orange groves however had gone , now part of the new State of Israel , which had declared its independence on 14 May 1948 .
 Their orange groves   had gone  

 The Confederate Constitution outlined a judicial branch of the government , but the ongoing war and resistance from states-rights advocates , particularly on the question of whether Confederate States of America would have appellate jurisdiction over the state courts , prevented the creation or seating of the `` Supreme Court of the Confederate States ; '' the state courts generally continued to operate as Confederate States of America had done , simply recognizing the Confederate States as the national government .
 the state courts   to operate  

 The pair soon moved to California , beginning an 18-month period John Lennon later called John Lennon `` lost weekend '' .
 The pair   beginning  

 A question arises of whether this makes cell phones Mass media or simply a device used to access Mass media ( the internet ) .
 A question   arises  

 Moral is a message conveyed .
 a message   conveyed  

 The entire procedure does not last longer than an hour if complications do not occur .
 complications   do not occur  

 Since Harun was intellectually , politically and militarily resourceful , Harun al-Rashid life and the court over which Harun al-Rashid held sway have been the subject of many tales : some are claimed to be factual but most are believed to be fictitious .
 some   are claimed  

 Far more controversial was the hearth tax introduced in 1662 ( 13 & 14 Charles II c. 10 ) , which imposed a hefty two shillings on every hearth in a family dwelling ( which was easier to count than persons ) .
 a family   dwelling  

 Unlike Fox-Case 's Movietone and De Forest 's Phonofilm , which were variable-density systems , Photophone was a variable-area system -- a refinement in the way the audio signal was inscribed on film that would ultimately become the rule .
 the audio signal   was inscribed  

 Jeff Mills ( born 18 June 1963 , Detroit , Michigan ) is an American techno DJ and producer .
 Jeff Mills   born  

 But soon it becomes too dangerous for Rena to go to the Goodnoughs on her own , as Lyman , who has regressed to infancy , is prone to unprompted outbursts of violence .
 Lyman   has regressed  

 Semantic dispute is a disagreement that arises if the parties involved disagree about whether a particular claim is true , not because they disagree on material facts , but rather because they disagree on the definitions of a word ( or several words ) essential to formulating the claim at issue .
 the parties   involved  

 Maharashtra State with Bombay as Mumbai capital was formed with the merger of Marathi-speaking areas of Bombay State , eight districts from Central Provinces and Berar , five districts from Hyderabad State , and numerous princely states enclosed between them .
 Mumbai capital   was formed  

 Full prose proficiency , as measured by Literacy to process complex and challenging material such as would be encountered in everyday life , is achieved by about 13 % of the general , 17 % of the white , and 2 % of the African American population .
 Full prose proficiency   is achieved  

 The plan works until Tony phones the flat later than intended , as his watch has stopped .
 his watch   has stopped  

 Competition from placental mammals from the north drove sparassodonts to extinction , while didelphimorphs ( opossums ) invaded Central America , with the Virginia opossum reaching as far north as Canada .
 the Virginia opossum   reaching as far north  

 Furthermore , it was only around 1500 that lute players began to transition from plectrum to plucking .
 players   began  

 After a probe has been labeled , Northern blot is hybridized to the RNA on the membrane .
 a probe   has been labeled  

 Hal Foster , in his essay The Crux of Minimalism , examines the extent to which Donald Judd and Robert Morris both acknowledge and exceed Greenbergian Modernism in their published definitions of minimalism .
 Donald Judd and Robert Morris   acknowledge  

 For example , when water evaporates , the kinetic energy expended as the evaporating molecules escape the attractive forces of the liquid is reflected in a decrease in temperature .
 water   evaporates  

 The painting depicts an open-air scene , crowded with people , at a popular dance garden on the Butte Montmartre , close to where Pierre-Auguste Renoir lived .
 an open-air scene   crowded  

 The hungry army arrived as the beans ripened .
 the beans   ripened  

 In the period of his life as heir apparent , the intellectual atmosphere of Saint Petersburg was unfavourable to any kind of change : freedom of thought and all forms of private initiative were being suppressed vigorously .
 freedom of thought and all forms of private initiative   were being suppressed vigorously  

 At a council held in London on 6 April 1152 , Stephen induced a small number of barons to pay homage to Eustace IV, Count of Boulogne as their future king ; but the Archbishop of Canterbury , Theobald of Bec , and the other bishops declined to perform the coronation ceremony on the grounds that the Roman curia had declared against the claim of Eustace IV, Count of Boulogne .
 the Roman curia   had declared  

 The energy released was approximately twice that of the next most powerful earthquake , the Good Friday Earthquake , which was centered in Prince William Sound , Alaska .
 The energy   released  

 However , with only days remaining in the Eisenhower administration , little else could be accomplished .
 little else   could be accomplished  

 Shortly thereafter , the Qatar Olympic Committee announced that it `` hoped to send up to four female athletes in shooting and fencing '' to the 2012 Summer Games in London .
 up to four female athletes   fencing  

 This Acoetes was , according to Ovid , the son of a poor fisherman in Maeonia , who served as pilot in a ship .
 This Acoetes   was  

 These grasslands also began to replace many forests because Paleogene could survive better in the drier climate typical in many regions of the world during this period .
 These grasslands   began  

 Efficiency of atomic orbital interactions is determined from the overlap ( a measure of how well two orbitals constructively interact with one another ) between two atomic orbitals , which is significant if the atomic orbitals are close in energy .
 Efficiency of atomic orbital interactions   is determined  

 Rutsey 's diabetes was believed to be a complicating factor in John Rutsey death from a heart attack in 2008 .
 Rutsey 's diabetes   was believed  

 It is considered unlikely that the term `` passport '' is derived from sea ports , but rather from a medieval document that was required to pass through the gate ( or `` porte '' ) of a city wall or to pass through a territory .
 a medieval document   was required  

 This makes dispersion management extremely important in optical communications systems based on optical fibres , since if dispersion is too high , a group of pulses representing information will each spread in time and merge , making Optics impossible to extract the signal .
 a group of pulses   merge  

 Both `` free '' particles traveled with a constant speed , satisfying the definition that no forces were acting .
 Both `` free '' particles   traveled  

 Achebe also cited Conrad 's description of an encounter with an African : `` A certain enormous buck nigger encountered in Haiti fixed Joseph Conrad conception of blind , furious , unreasoning rage , as manifested in the human animal to the end of Joseph Conrad days '' .
 A certain enormous buck nigger encountered in Haiti   fixed  

 This version of Lex Luthor appears to have little personal dislike for Superman , other than the fact the hero interferes with his criminal schemes .
 This version of Lex Luthor   appears  

 Then her husband thought , `` That 's what they 'll say of Walter Scott ; '' so Walter Scott went and got one of those books ... Scott 's feeling for straight forward simple things , these fishermen , the poor old crazed creature in Mucklebackit 's cottage in The Antiquary made Walter Scott feel so vigorous , so relieved of something that Walter Scott felt roused and triumphant and could not choke back Walter Scott tears ... It fortified Walter Scott .
 they   'll say  

 Ironically , the manuscripts that were being most carefully preserved in the libraries of Antiquity are virtually all lost .
 the manuscripts that were being most carefully preserved in the libraries of Antiquity   lost  

 The importance which Justin attaches to the words of the prophets , which Justin Martyr regularly quotes with the formula `` it is written '' , shows Justin Martyr estimate of the Old Testament Scriptures .
 it   is written  

 Rhett revealed to Woman 's Day magazine that Michael Hutchence was going to the Supreme Court to try to overturn the verdict of suicide , as Michael Hutchence does not want Tiger growing up thinking her father intentionally left her .
 Tiger   growing up  

 After her husband 's death in 1795 , Susan Boudinot Bradford returned to her parents ' home to live .
 Susan Boudinot Bradford   to live  

 Another measure of Olive oil chemical degradation is the organic peroxide level , which measures the degree to which Olive oil is oxidized , another cause of rancidity .
 Olive oil   is oxidized  

 This revelation caused some speculation whether Apollo 1 might have been averted had NASA been aware of the incident .
 Apollo 1   might have been averted  

 Appendix surgery recovery is generally a lot faster if Appendicitis did not rupture .
 Appendicitis   did not rupture  

 When the green flag waved , Dale Earnhardt was leading Derrike Cope .
 the green flag   waved  

 Since John Calvin was afraid that John Calvin might die before completing the final revision of the Institutes , John Calvin forced John Calvin to work .
 John Calvin   to work  

 After defeating the two villains , the heroes left them stranded .
 them   stranded  

 In the mid-seventeenth century , the Dutch , who had replaced the Portuguese as the dominant power in Ceylon , established hegemony over Maldivian affairs without involving themselves directly in local matters , which were governed according to centuries-old Islamic customs .
 local matters   were governed  

 Defined in As MIME name implies , multipart/form-data is used to express values submitted through a form .
 values   submitted  

 Press Gang has attracted a cult following .
 a cult   following  

 Laparoscopic surgery cholecystectomy is the most common Laparoscopic surgery procedure performed .
 the most common Laparoscopic surgery procedure   performed  

 Pain medications ( such as morphine ) do not appear to affect the accuracy of the clinical diagnosis of appendicitis and therefore should be given early in the persons care .
 Pain medications ( such as morphine   do not appear  

 In the latter part of 1986 , Commodore released a version of the C128D in North America and Europe referred to as the C128DCR ( `` cost reduced '' ) .
 cost   reduced  

 However , after the 5th and final novel for Tribulation Force was released , Left Behind was apparently discontinued and the novels that were released are now ( as of December 2006 ) out of print .
 the novels   were released  

 As a result , for most Mushroom , if the cap is cut off and placed gill-side-down overnight , a powdery impression reflecting the shape of the gills ( or pores , or spines , etc. ) is formed ( when the fruit body is sporulating ) .
 the cap   placed  

 Pepsi came up with advertising portraying black Americans in a positive light , such as one with a smiling mother holding a six pack of Pepsi while her son ( a young Ron Brown , who grew up to be Secretary of Commerce ) reaches up for one .
 Pepsi   came up  

 Garrison Keillor told one of his Lake Wobegon stories , `` The Royal Family , '' about a poor Minnesota family who are persuaded that they are the long-lost Stuart heirs .
 a poor Minnesota family   are persuaded  

 Robert Tychkowski of the Edmonton Sun reports that many , including Edmonton Oilers president Kevin Lowe , believe the induction ceremony should be held on a night when there are no NHL games scheduled .
 no NHL games   scheduled  

 The main attack aimed to engage and pin down the 21st Panzer Division and the Ariete Armoured Division around Jebel Kalakh , while the Free French on the far left were to secure Qaret el Himeimat and secure the el Taqa plateau .
 The main attack   to engage  

 The panegyric was likely written at Justinian 's behest , however , and it is doubtful that the sentiments expressed are sincere .
 the sentiments   expressed  

 Janet Jackson used a sample of the chorus of `` Big Yellow Taxi '' as the centerpiece of Joni Mitchell 1997 hit single `` Got 'Til It 's Gone '' , which also features rapper Q-Tip saying `` Joni Mitchell never lies '' .
 It   's Gone  

 To moderate the euphemistic aspect of the word developing , international organizations have started to use the term less economically developed country ( LEDCs ) for the poorest nations -- which can , in no sense , be regarded as Developing country .
 international organizations   have started  

 For instance , a chain consisting of one carbon ( a methyl group , CH3 ) with an OH group attached to the carbon is called `` methyl alcohol '' while a chain of two carbons ( an ethyl group , CH2CH3 ) with an OH group connected to the CH2 is called `` ethyl alcohol '' .
 an OH group   attached  

 Some eukaryotic cells of higher vertebrate origin , such as immune cells also move to where Chemotaxis need to be .
 Chemotaxis   to be  

 The MC , known for John Lennon wordplay and affectionate but cutting remarks , was making a joke , but ten months had passed since Lennon 's marriage , and the honeymoon , deferred , was still two months in the future .
 the honeymoon   deferred  

 In Louis Ginzberg book Students , Scholars and Saints , Ginzberg quotes the Vilna Gaon instructing , `` Do not regard the views of the Shulchan Aruch as binding if you think that they are not in agreement with those of the Talmud '' .
 the Vilna Gaon   instructing  

 Other common traps for semantic disputes include the usage of words such as liberal , democrat , conservative , republican , progressive , free , welfare or socialist whose meanings in English , or in the United States , are often quite different from how similar words are understood in other languages , countries , or cultures .
 similar words   are understood  

 At least one study appears to show that the sea level in Maldives dropped throughout the 1970s and '80s , although later studies failed to back this up .
 the sea level in Maldives   dropped  

 By the mid-1960s , sports federations were starting to ban the use of performance enhancing drugs ; in 1967 the IOC followed suit .
 sports federations   were starting  

 In North America , rodents , large mastodons and gomphotheres , and opossums continued successfully , while hoofed animals ( ungulates ) declined , with camel , deer and horse all seeing populations recede .
 populations   recede  

 Papyrus was replaced in Europe by the cheaper , locally produced products parchment and vellum , of significantly higher durability in moist climates , though Henri Pirenne 's connection of Papyrus disappearance with the Muslim overrunning of Egypt is contended .
 Henri Pirenne 's connection of Papyrus disappearance with the Muslim overrunning of Egypt   is contended  

 Reports indicate that Men in Black often claim to be from an agency collecting information on the unexplained phenomenon Men in Black subject has encountered .
 Men in Black subject   has encountered  

 The orientation of the electric fields produced by these emitters may not be correlated , in which case Optics is said to be unpolarised .
 The orientation of the electric fields   may not be correlated  

 Bush cited the necessity of dealing with the remnants of Saddam 's regime ( which Bush had chosen not to destroy ) .
 Bush   not to destroy  

 Chase Osborn , a former governor , wrote , `` Michigan is unifying itself , and a magnificent new route through Michigan to Lake Superior and the Northwest United States is developing , via the Straits of Mackinac .
 a magnificent new route through Michigan to Lake Superior and the Northwest United States   is developing  

 Competitors from Toastmasters International clubs from all over the world enter this contest ; however , members of clubs outside of districts are ineligible to participate .
 members of clubs outside of districts   to participate  

 The ground floor has been kept as Stasi used to be .
 Stasi   to be  

 One radio station used was Radio Tikrit .
 One radio station   used  

 For the medical sector , the loss of returns from investment for all doctors emigrating is $ 1.41 bn for South Africa .
 all doctors   emigrating  

 As Joachim von Ribbentrop influence declined , Ribbentrop spent Joachim von Ribbentrop time feuding with other Nazi leaders over control of anti-Semitic policies to curry Hitler 's favour .
 Joachim von Ribbentrop influence   declined  

 Although the Netherlands converted to driving to the right at the end of the 18th century ) , Suriname did not .
 Suriname   did not  

 While Syncretism does not officially recognize doctrine from other religions , it is believed that truth in other sources can be identified via personal revelation .
 it   is believed  

 Even though the Hongwu Emperor may have meant for Yongle Emperor descendants to be buried near Yongle Emperor own Xiaoling Mausoleum ( this is how Hongwu 's heir apparent , Zhu Biao was buried ) , Yongle 's relocation of the capital to Beijing necessitated the creation of a new imperial burial ground .
 Zhu Biao   was buried  

 In 1935 , when the work was premiered at Carnegie Hall , it was the first time the composer heard one of Samuel Barber orchestral works performed publicly .
 one of Samuel Barber orchestral works   performed publicly  

 In energy dispersive spectrometers ( EDX or EDS ) , the detector allows the determination of the energy of the photon when X-ray fluorescence is detected .
 X-ray fluorescence   is detected  

 Further wrangles effectively brought work on the north side of Leipziger Platz to a complete stop for several years ; even now there are some `` fake facades '' where completed new buildings should be , while a long-running dispute over who owned the Wertheim department store site ( or had claims to the revenue from Potsdamer Platz sale by the government ) , has to this day left another large gap in the central Berlin cityscape that is only now finally being redeveloped .
 where completed new buildings   should be  

 Missouri is the only one whose name is pronounced differently even just among its present-day natives -- the two most common pronunciations being and .
 the two most common pronunciations   being  

 Andrés Segovia can be credited to have dignified the classical guitar as a legitimate concert instrument before the discerning music public , which had hitherto viewed the guitar merely as a limited , if sonorous , parlor instrument .
 the discerning music public   had hitherto  

 The cause of the conflict is uncertain , as the sources are divided ; the Lombard Paul the Deacon accuses the Gepids , while the Byzantine historian Menander Protector places the blame on Alboin , an interpretation favoured by historian Walter Pohl .
 the sources   are divided  

 The number of Office actions and responses that may occur vary from country to country , but eventually a final rejection is sent by Patent , or the patent application is granted , which after the payment of additional fees , leads to an issued , enforceable patent .
 the payment of additional fees   leads  

 Spenser (character) -- his first name is never officially revealed -- is a fictional character in a series of detective novels initially by the American mystery writer Robert B. Parker and later by Ace Atkins .
 his first name   is never officially revealed  

 Later named the sakoku period , this meant that no Japanese were allowed to leave the country ( or return if they were living abroad ) , and no foreign ship was allowed to dock in a Japanese port .
 no Japanese   were allowed  

 In May 1980 , the group released their first single , `` Simple Simon '' / `` We Are the Vegetables '' which was followed by the debut album , INXS , in October .
 the Vegetables   was followed  

 Erie Canal was built using some of the most advanced engineering technology from Holland .
 Erie Canal   was built  

 The reason for restricting the options which can be saved originated in a usage of lynx which was more common in the mid-1990s , i.e. , using lynx Lynx (web browser) as a front-end application to the Internet accessed by dial-in connections .
 the options   can be saved  

 Furthermore , he promoted the theory of gradual climate change over centuries of time once ancient petrified bamboos were found to be preserved underground in the dry , northern climate zone of Yanzhou , which is now modern day Yan ` an , Shaanxi province .
 once ancient petrified bamboos   were found  

 By Act of Parliament , South Sea Company was granted the right to issue # 1,150 of new stock for every # 100 of annuity which was surrendered .
 annuity   was surrendered  

 This is seen , for example , in `` melodic minor '' scale harmony , which is based on the seven rotations of the ascending melodic minor scale , yielding some interesting scales as shown below .
 This   is seen  

 This military manoeuvre was also intended to protect Louis XIV of France eastern provinces from Imperial invasion by depriving the enemy army of sustenance , thus explaining the pre-emptive scorched earth policy pursued in much of southwestern Germany ( the `` Devastation of the Palatinate '' ) .
 the pre-emptive scorched earth policy   pursued  

 Hercule Poirot is also shown to have an love of steam trains , which contrasts Hasting 's love of cars : this is shown in The Mystery of the Blue Train , Murder On The Orient Express , and The ABC Murders ( in the TV series , steam trains are seen in nearly all of the episodes ) .
 Hercule Poirot   is also shown  

 According to what scholars consider to be the most accurate texts of the Mishneh Torah , Maimonides goes on to say that anyone who upholds Seven Laws of Noah only because they appear logical is not one of the `` righteous among the nations , '' but rather he is one of the wise among them .
 Maimonides   goes on  

 Riel , who surrendered and was convicted of treason in a packed Regina courtroom , was hanged on November 16 , 1885 .
 Riel   surrendered  

 The role of sense experience in Dewey 's theory is crucial , in that he saw experience as unified totality of things through which everything else is interrelated .
 everything else   is interrelated  

 At the close of the game , the ghost children warn her even if Coraline wins , Coraline will not let them go .
 them   go  

 If one looks at the fields around the Deserted Village and right up the mountain , one can see the tracks in the fields of ` lazy beds ' , which is the way crops like potatoes were grown .
 crops like potatoes   were grown  

 Apostolic succession is the method whereby the ministry of the Christian Church is held to be derived from the apostles by a continuous succession , which has usually been associated with a claim that the succession is through a series of bishops .
 the ministry of the Christian Church   is held  

 Of the claims `` the science is settled '' on global warming James Lovelock states : James Lovelock criticizes environmentalists for treating global warming like a religion .
 the science   is settled  

 In 1987 a division of Japanese company Toshiba reportedly sold machinery to the Soviet Union that allowed their submarine propeller blades to be milled so that they became radically quieter , making the newer generation of submarines more difficult to detect .
 their submarine propeller blades   to be milled  

 An important innovation that Netscape introduced in 1994 was the on-the-fly display of web pages , where text and graphics appeared on the screen as the web page downloaded .
 the web page   downloaded  

 Olive oil is a principal product of the Minoan civilization , where it is thought to have represented wealth .
 it   is thought  

 According to Jack Kerouac authorized biographer , historian Douglas Brinkley , On the Road has been misinterpreted as a tale of companions out looking for kicks , but the most important thing to comprehend is that Kerouac was an American Catholic author -- for example , virtually every page of Jack Kerouac diary bore a sketch of a crucifix , a prayer , or an appeal to Christ to be forgiven .
 the most important thing   to comprehend  

 If a disk is locked , Parallel ATA will refuse all access until Parallel ATA is unlocked .
 a disk   is locked  

 Polybius wrote several works , the majority of which are lost .
 the majority of which   are lost  

 The 1967 prototype piece Slow Motion Sound was not performed although Chris Hughes performed it 27 years later as Slow Motion Blackbird on Steve Reich Reich-influenced 1994 album Shift .
 The 1967 prototype piece   was not performed  

 This type of appendectomy is made by inserting a special surgical tool called laparoscope into one of the incisions .
 This type of appendectomy   is made  

 Rumors which circulated after made Cat Stevens imagine otherwise '' .
 Cat Stevens   imagine otherwise  

 Virgil , in his Aeneid , states that Pisa was already a great center by the times described ; the settlers from the Alpheus coast have been credited with the founding of the city in the ` Etruscan lands ' .
 a great center by the times   described  

 The south is more easily traversed , though Martinique still features some impressive geographic features .
 The south   is more easily traversed  

 In the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 , Pakistan expected China to provide military support , but it was left alone as India successfully helped the rebels in East Pakistan to found the new nation-state of Bangladesh .
 India   successfully helped  

 Slovakia became industrialized mostly in the second half of the 20th century .
 Slovakia   industrialized  

 After the outbreak of World War II , Joachim von Ribbentrop spent most of the Polish campaign travelling with Hitler .
 the Polish campaign   travelling  

 Today these laws have largely been abolished , although the homeless may not be able to register because Suffrage lack regular addresses .
 the homeless   to register  

 and that Eurostar remaining carbon emissions are now offset , making Eurostar services carbon neutral .
 Eurostar   remaining  

 The cartoons containing the new , white-furred Oswald seemed to be different from their predecessors in more than one way , as the stories themselves became softer .
 The cartoons containing the new , white-furred Oswald   seemed  

 The causative agents include foreign bodies , trauma , intestinal worms , lymphadenitis , and , most commonly , calcified fecal deposits known as appendicoliths or fecaliths The occurrence of obstructing fecaliths has attracted attention since their presence in patients with appendicitis is significantly higher in developed than in developing countries , and an appendiceal fecalith is commonly associated with complicated appendicitis .
 their presence in patients with appendicitis   developed  

 ( Although Waterworld and Faceball were going to use the EXT port for multiplayer play , the multiplayer features in the former were removed and the latter was canceled .
 the multiplayer features in the former   were removed  

 Shortly after the conference , radiocarbon dating proved the antiquity of the Olmec civilization , although the `` mother culture '' question generates much debate even 60 years later .
 radiocarbon   dating  

 As video is emulated using Macintosh QuickDraw routines , Apple IIe sometimes can not keep up with the speed of a real Apple IIe in slower machines .
 video   is emulated  

 Unless the second or fourth format is used , fraudulently adding votes to an approval voting ballot will not invalidate the ballot , ( that is , Approval voting will not make Approval voting appear inconsistent ) .
 the second or fourth format   is used  

 Long-period comets , such as comet Hale -- Bopp , whose orbits last for thousands of years , are thought to originate in Oort cloud .
 Long-period comets , such as comet Hale   are thought  

 In Washington Irving 's story `` The Devil and Tom Walker '' set in 1727 , Irving tells how Tom asks `` the black man '' who he is .
 he   is  

 Bismarck , feeling pressured and unappreciated by the Emperor and undermined by ambitious advisers , refused to sign a proclamation regarding the protection of workers along with Wilhelm , as was required by the German Constitution , to protest Wilhelm 's ever increasing interference to Bismarck 's previously unquestioned authority .
 Bismarck   feeling pressured  

 Recent research has begun to categorize replicators , often based on the amount of support Self-replication require .
 Recent research   has begun  

 As a result of the fresh British perspective on the European balance of power , Anglo-French talks began that culminated in the 1713 Treaty of Utrecht between Louis XIV of France , Spain , Britain , and the Dutch Republic .
 Anglo-French talks   began  

 Jack Lemmon was awarded Jack Lemmon , becoming the first actor to achieve this rare double ( the only other actors to achieve this are : Robert De Niro , Gene Hackman , Jack Lemmon Nicholson , Kevin Spacey , and Denzel Washington ) .
 this   are  

 The Qur ` an is declared to be the constitution of the country , which is governed on the basis of Islamic law ( Shari'a ) .
 an   is declared  

 If rocks of unknown age are found to have traces of E. pseudoplanus , they must have a mid-Ordovician age .
 rocks of unknown age   are found  

 Cole Porter 's song `` After All , Frank Harris 'm Only a Schoolgirl '' references Harris and `` Frank Harris Life and Loves '' , in a tale about a girl who is learning about adult relationships from a private tutor .
 Harris and `` Frank Harris Life   Loves  

 After this was suppressed , the government had 200,000 surrendered garrison rebels deployed to Hebei , which proved later to be a mistake when a former garrison officer organized another rebellion in the years 526 -- 527 .
 this   was suppressed  

 As the ship approached , Talos hurled huge stones at the ship , keeping Jason at bay .
 the ship   approached  

 Thompson from Standard Oil , estimated that Manhattan Project would take six months to build .
 Manhattan Project   would take six months to build  

 Moreover , many jurisdictions have authorized law students and others not locally admitted to represent indigent persons or others as part of clinical legal education programs ... The rest of the article goes on to describe out-of-court activities , particularly drafting of documents and giving advice , and whether that is considered to be unauthorized practice of law , which is more controversial .
 The rest of the article   goes on  

 The university did not operate , nor manage any facilities in Dubai , with all University of Waterloo facilities belonging to the Higher Colleges of Technology .
 The university   did not operate  

 A non-Germanic word linked to Stork may be Greek torgos ( `` vulture '' ) .
 A non-Germanic word   linked  

 This means Ultraviolet–visible spectroscopy uses light in the visible and adjacent ( near-UV and near-infrared ( NIR ) ) ranges .
 near-infrared ( NIR   ranges  

 The Waterford Flight is claimed to be one of the steepest series of locks in the world .
 The Waterford Flight   is claimed  

 The title has been suggested was chosen to try and capture some of Castello 's success .
 The title   to try  

 Marcello Dell ` Utri even stated that the Mafia did not exist at all .
 the Mafia   did not exist at all  

 The Beach (novel) was made into a film in 2000 , directed by Danny Boyle and starring Leonardo DiCaprio , Tilda Swinton , Robert Carlyle , Virginie Ledoyen and Guillaume Canet .
 The Beach   was made  

 Adûnaic also seems to conform to a variant of the consonantal root system used in Khuzdul ( as does Adûnaic successor language , Westron ) .
 Adûnaic   seems  

 In August 1962 , Brigadier D. K. Palit claimed that Sino-Indian War could be ruled out .
 Sino-Indian War   could be ruled out  

 The new six-piece Wilco lineup debuted on , a two disc live album recorded at The Vic Theater in Chicago .
 The new six-piece Wilco lineup   debuted on  

 Throughout Charles I of England reign , the issue of how far the English Reformation should progress was constantly brought to the forefront of political debate .
 the English Reformation   should progress  

 Euripides wrote also an Oedipus , of which only a few fragments survive .
 only a few fragments   survive  

 The language `` The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation '' is used , with slight variations , in Amendments XIII , XIV , XV , XVIII , XIX , XXIII , XXIV , and XXVI .
 The language `` The Congress shall have power   is used  

 We have nine of them , you know , and they are going to live in Australia when you and Jack Lang (Australian politician) are no longer here , and , by heaven , Jack Lang (Australian politician) am not going to allow anyone to ruin Australia if Jack Lang (Australian politician) can lift a finger to prevent it ' Lang was a powerful orator , and during the crisis of the Depression Jack Lang (Australian politician) addressed huge crowds in Sydney and other centres , promoting Jack Lang (Australian politician) populist program and denouncing Jack Lang (Australian politician) opponents and the wealthy in extravagant terms .
 you   know  

 A series of themed compilations of songs from earlier albums were also released : The Beginning of Survival ( 2004 ) , Dreamland ( 2004 ) , and Songs of a Prairie Girl ( 2005 ) , the last of which collected the threads of Joni Mitchell Canadian upbringing and which Joni Mitchell released after accepting an invitation to the Saskatchewan Centennial concert in Saskatoon .
 A series of themed compilations of songs from earlier albums   were also released  

 Some churches founded independently of these lineages also employ this form of church governance .
 Some churches   founded independently  

 The Late Neolithic period ( c. 4500 to 3500 BC ) is well represented by both excavated and unexcavated sites throughout the region ( though it should be noted that in Eastern Macedonia levels of this period are still called Middle Neolithic according to the terminology used in the Balkans ) .
 it   should be noted  

 Additionally , Estrogen have been shown to activate a G protein-coupled receptor , GPR30 .
 Estrogen   have been shown  

 The block containing the main theme , Zhitomirsky writes , alternates with the one containing the second theme , with the former `` steadily enlivened in reiteration with the result that the very contrast of the two blocks is consistently sharpened '' .
 the very contrast of the two blocks   is consistently sharpened  

 The romantic circumstances of Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg marriage , in which Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg and Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg husband had to elope to escape Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg brother 's disapproval , was said to have fostered in Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg a genuine love for Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg husband , a very unusual condition for a queen of Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg time .
 The romantic circumstances of Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg marriage   was said  

 Those killed included 163 who were in the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building , one person in the Athenian Building , one woman in a parking lot across the street , a man and woman in the Oklahoma Water Resources building , and a rescue worker struck on the head by debris .
 Those   killed  

 After the query was submitted , several days of prescribed ceremonial had to be observed before Apollo was so satisfied as to speak through his priestess , which gave the priests precious time for research .
 the query   was submitted  

 Users who know a particular `` quality setting '' that is transparent to their ears can use this value when encoding all of MP3 music , and generally speaking not need to worry about performing personal listening tests on each piece of music to determine the correct bit rate .
 encoding   generally speaking  

 In England Civil parishes and Parish councils evolved in the 19th century as ecclesiastical parishes began to be relieved of what became considered to be civil responsibilities .
 ecclesiastical parishes   to be relieved  

 Canace was also the subject of Euripides ' lost play Aeolus , on which the extant versions appear to be based .
 the extant versions   appear  

 The Spanish traveller Pedro Tafur , noting Liguria from sea in 1436 , remarked `` To one who does not know Liguria , the whole coast from Savona to Genoa looks like one continuous city , so well inhabited is it , and so thickly studded with houses , '' and today over 80 % of the regional population still lives permanently near to the coast , where all the four major cities above 50,000 are located : Genoa ( pop .
 one continuous city   well inhabited  

 On March 25 , 2010 , Representative Yvette Clarke ( D-NY ) introduced the `` International Cybercrime Reporting and Cooperation Act - H.R. 4962 '' ( full text in the House of Representatives ; the bill , co-sponsored by seven other representatives ( among whom only one Republican ) , was referred to three House committees .
 the bill   co-sponsored  

 Production began with City Lights stand where the Little Tramp first meets the Blind Flower Girl .
 Production   stand  

 This allowed Hingis to participate without breaching the rules of Martina Hingis ban .
 Hingis   to participate  

 This assessment is rarely made where operations identify strong interactions between solutions derived separately only after the design groups begin pointing fingers to explain why some serious short coming is delivered at least late in the ideal process .
 solutions   derived separately  

 When Morris returns , Catherine takes her revenge .
 Morris   returns  

 Music in the middle-ages favours intervals of the 4th and 5th , which is why Pythagorean tuning was used .
 Pythagorean tuning   was used  

 A four-team playoff was held , with the second-place teams in each division playing the winner of the other division .
 A four-team playoff   was held  

 Instead , on 22 May , Elizabeth was moved from the Tower to Woodstock , where Elizabeth I of England was to spend almost a year under house arrest in the charge of Sir Henry Bedingfield .
 Elizabeth I of England   was  

 The client-server ( as well in client-client , where one acts as `` server '' ) aspect of the protocol stipulates that the server speak first when a connection has been made .
 a connection   has been made  

 Other early markets are arising where the relative efficiency , size and weight advantages of devices based on high-temperature superconductivity outweigh the additional costs involved .
 Other early markets   are arising  

 In ADPKD the original `` hit '' is congenital ( in either the PKD1 or PKD2 genes ) and the subsequent `` hit '' occurs later in life as the cells grow and divide .
 the cells   divide  

 He wished to maintain his and his family 's Imperial status in the event that the Holy Roman Empire should be dissolved , as Emperor indeed was in 1806 when an Austrian-led army suffered a humiliating defeat at the Battle of Austerlitz .
 the Holy Roman Empire   should be dissolved  

 Many analysts agree that the prison crisis will not be resolved until the gap between rich and poor is addressed .
 the gap between rich and poor   is addressed  

 Because enriched uranium was known to be fissionable , Little Boy was the first approach to bomb development pursued .
 enriched uranium   was known  

 `` the Island of the Prince '' , the local form of the longer ` Eilean a ' Phrionnsa Iomhair/Eideard ' ) or Eilean Eòin for some Gaelic speakers in Nova Scotia though not on PEI ( lit .
 the longer ` Eilean a ' Phrionnsa Iomhair/Eideard ' ) or Eilean Eòin for some Gaelic speakers in Nova Scotia   lit  

 For machine calculation , the method of complements is preferred , whereby Subtraction is replaced by an addition in a modular arithmetic .
 the method of complements   is preferred  

 the Web site for Netscape 's dial-up discount ISP service , continue to use the Netscape.com
 the Web site for Netscape 's dial-up discount ISP service   continue  

 Although most audio file formats support only one type of audio data ( created with an audio coder ) , Audio file format may support multiple types of audio and video data .
 only one type of audio data   created  

 When Lois Lane unknowingly receives a Red Kryptonite necklace , Lex Luthor causes Superman to turn evil causing Batman and Krypto to hold off Superman until the effects wore off .
 Superman   to turn evil  

 On the manuscript Elgar wrote , quoting John Ruskin , `` This is the best of Edward Elgar ; for the rest , Edward Elgar ate , and drank , and slept , loved and hated , like another .
 Edward Elgar   slept  

 Large as these sums are , the scientific seal of approval would be worth far more to anyone whose claims could be authenticated .
 these sums   are  

 At the end of training , new Seabee are ready to perform with their new battalion .
 new Seabee   to perform  

 Molecular orbital ( MOs ) represent regions in a molecule where an electron is likely to be found .
 an electron   to be found  

 Poznań main river is the Warta , which flows through Poznań to north .
 the Warta   to north  

 Augustine saw marriage as a non-sacrament-friendly covenant between one man and one woman , which may not be broken .
 one woman   may not be broken  

 The lifeboat , filled to capacity with men , women and children , was leaking badly and rapidly filling with water ; at the same time Laconia incident was crashing against the ship 's side .
 The lifeboat , filled to capacity with men , women and children   was leaking badly  

 Emily Shelby is averse to this idea because she had promised her maid that her child would never be sold ; Emily 's son , George Shelby , hates to see Tom go because he sees the man as his friend and mentor .
 her child   would never be sold  

 When Rudolph III , King of Burgundy died 1032 , Conrad II also claimed this kingship on the basis of an inheritance Henry II had extorted from the former in 1006 .
 Rudolph III   died  

 When Ayer demanded that Tyson stop , the boxer said : `` Do you know who the fuck A. J. Ayer am ?
 Tyson   stop  

 Because Leno 's show continued to lead all late-night programming in the Nielsen ratings , the pending expiration of Leno 's contract led to speculation about whether Jay Leno would become a late-night host for another network after Jay Leno commitment to NBC expired .
 Jay Leno commitment to NBC   expired  

 The saxhorns form a family of seven instruments ( although at one point ten different sizes seem to have existed ) .
 at one point ten different sizes   seem  

 Gould had died two days before the episode aired .
 the episode   aired  

 Major complained in John Major memoirs that these words ( which drew upon a passage in the sociopolitical commentator and author George Orwell 's `` The Lion and the Unicorn '' ) had been misrepresented as being more naive and romantic than John Major had intended , and indeed John Major memoirs were dismissive of the common conservative viewpoint that there was once a time of moral rectitude ; Major wrote that `` life has never been as simple as that '' .
 John Major   had intended  

 Julia Kristeva idea of the chora has been interpreted in several ways : as a reference to the uterus , as a metaphor for the relationship between the mother and child , and as the temporal period preceding the Mirror Stage .
 Julia Kristeva idea of the chora   has been interpreted  

 While some believe that reduction of the population is a key to economic growth , others argue that population reduction should be focused on what Human population control judge to be undesirable sections of the population ( see Eugenics ) .
 population reduction   should be focused  

 INLA prisoners were housed in the A and B wings , and the Irish Republican Socialist Party ( IRSP , the political wing of the INLA ) warned there would be trouble if the prisoners were not kept segregated .
 the prisoners   were not kept  

 1985 also saw the creation of Gods by Ben Laurie , a MUD1 clone that included online creation in MUD endgame .
 a MUD1 clone   endgame  

 At the same time , the use of more precise physical measurement techniques , including differential GPS , remotely sensed digital terrain models and laser scanning techniques , have allowed quantification and study of these processes as Geomorphology happen .
 Geomorphology   happen  

 As Christianity began to appear , re-tellers often recast the tales of Christianity into the older heroic stories .
 Christianity   to appear  

 A closely related quantity is the stress tensor σ , which relates the vector force F to the vector area A via This tensor may be expressed as the sum of the viscous stress tensor minus Pressure .
 the vector force F to the vector area A via This tensor   may be expressed  

 In James Abbott McNeill Whistler typically slow and experimental way , at first James Abbott McNeill Whistler had her stand , but that proved too tiring so the famous seated pose was adopted .
 the famous seated pose   was adopted  

 Originally , the Hall of Fame was not going to become involved in the issue , but was forced to act when dozens of inductees , including Bobby Orr , Ted Lindsay and Brad Park , campaigned for Eagleson 's expulsion , even threatening to renounce their membership if he was not removed .
 the Hall of Fame   to act  

 Sigma-algebra is an algebra of sets , completed to include countably infinite operations .
 an algebra of sets   completed  

 Keanu Reeves had been confirmed to play the role of Spike Spiegel .
 Keanu Reeves   had been confirmed  

 This is the one part of the HIV virus outer coating that does not change , because Abzyme is the attachment point to T lymphocytes , the key cell in cell-mediated immunity .
 the HIV virus outer coating   does not change  

 By treating David Attenborough subject seriously and researching the latest discoveries , Attenborough and David Attenborough production team gained the trust of the scientific community , who responded by allowing David Attenborough to feature their subjects in David Attenborough programmes .
 the trust of the scientific community   responded  

 Recurring characters on SNL played by Guest include Frankie , of Willie and Frankie ( coworkers who recount in detail physically painful situations in which they have found themselves , remarking laconically `` Christopher Guest hate when that happens '' ) ; Herb Minkman , a shady novelty toymaker with a brother named Al ( played by Crystal ) ; Rajeev Vindaloo , an eccentric foreign man in the same vein as Andy Kaufman 's Latka character from Taxi ; and Senor Cosa , a Spanish ventriloquist often seen on the recurring spoof of The Joe Franklin Show .
 that   happens  

 Another notable performance came during Super Bowl XXXVI in 2002 , when U2 performed ; during their second song , `` Where the Streets Have No Name '' , the band played under a large projection screen which scrolled through names of the victims of the September 11 attacks .
 U2   performed  

 The population of Newport, Rhode Island had divided loyalties and many pro independence `` Patriots '' left town while loyalist `` Tories '' remained .
 loyalist `` Tories   remained  

 Karate is thought to be a synthesis of Chinese kung fu with traditional Okinawan martial arts .
 Karate   is thought  

 Some of these included rule induction tools which Expert system called ` generators ' , which theoretically allowed the production of rules by no experts based on raw data .
 Some of these   included  

 Alfred sought to remedy this through an ambitious court-centred programme of translating into English the books Alfred the Great deemed `` most necessary for all men to know '' .
 all men   to know  

 Nation came to English from the Old French word nacion , which in turn originates from the Latin word literally meaning `` that which has been born '' .
 that   has been born  

 The Confederate Constitution outlined a judicial branch of the government , but the ongoing war and resistance from states-rights advocates , particularly on the question of whether Confederate States of America would have appellate jurisdiction over the state courts , prevented the creation or seating of the `` Supreme Court of the Confederate States ; '' the state courts generally continued to operate as Confederate States of America had done , simply recognizing the Confederate States as the national government .
 the state courts   had done  

 `` This issue of music in Islam is not as cut-and-dried as Cat Stevens was led to believe ... Cat Stevens relied on heresy , that was perhaps Cat Stevens mistake '' .
 to believe   Cat Stevens  

 where A Superparamagnetism system can be measured with AC susceptibility measurements , where an applied magnetic field varies in time , and the magnetic response of the system is measured .
 the magnetic response of the system   is measured  

 Unlike the high-maintenance Persian , the Exotic is able to keep Exotic Shorthair own fur tidy with little human assistance , though weekly brushing and combing is recommended to remove loose hair and reduce shedding and hairballs .
 weekly brushing and combing   is recommended  

 This report stressed that only 13 countries are projected to account for 47 percent of the world population increase by the year 2050 .
 only 13 countries   are projected  

 However , the distribution of primes , that is to say , the statistical behaviour of primes in the large , can be modeled .
 the distribution of primes , that is to say , the statistical behaviour of primes in the large   can be modeled  

 The presentation elements , attributes and DOM interfaces that have been implemented include basic shapes , colors , filling , gradients , patterns , paths and text .
 The presentation elements , attributes and DOM interfaces   have been implemented  

 King dedicated Stephen King 1989 book The Dark Half , about a pseudonym turning on a writer , to `` the deceased Richard Bachman '' , and in 1996 , when the Stephen King novel Desperation was released , the companion novel The Regulators carried the `` Bachman '' byline .
 the Stephen King novel Desperation   was released  

 The Hitch-Hiker wrote , `` The Hitch-Hikers desert locale , although not so graphically dark as a cityscape at night , isolates the protagonists in a milieu as uninviting and potentially deadly as any in film noir '' .
 The Hitch-Hiker   wrote  

 The need to remember points costs memory and data management instructions , whereas Mandelbrot set saves computational instructions .
 Mandelbrot   set  

 That Boone could be portrayed the same way as Crockett , another American frontiersman with a very different persona , was another example of how Boone 's image could be reshaped to suit popular tastes .
 That Boone   could be portrayed  

 When they are spotted , Klaatu is shot by military personnel .
 they   are spotted  

 What Alhazen needed was for each point on an object to correspond to one point only on the eye .
 Alhazen   needed  

 San Marino best known is probably the Torta Tre Monti ( `` Cake of the Three Mountains '' or `` Cake of the Three Towers '' ) , a wafer layered cake covered in chocolate depicting The Three Towers of San Marino .
 San Marino   best known  

 Current editions of the books feature new illustrations in place of the originals by Leonard Shortall , updated to contemporary cultural styles .
 Leonard Shortall   updated  

 Peter Greenaway 's 1988 film , Drowning by Numbers was largely shot in the area near Southwold .
 Peter Greenaway 's 1988 film   Drowning  

 The editorial stance was that the Boston populace feared that inoculation spread , rather than prevented , the disease ; however , some historians , notably H. W. Brands , have argued that this position was a result of editor-in-chief James Franklin 's ( Benjamin Franklin 's brother ) contrarian positions .
 inoculation spread   prevented  

 One of the key clauses was that companies who made Nintendo games were not allowed to make Atari 7800 on a competing system for a period of two years .
 companies who made Nintendo games   were not allowed  

 Its appearance marked Joseph Conrad first use of the pen name `` Joseph Conrad '' ; `` Konrad '' was , of course , the third of Joseph Conrad Polish given names , but Joseph Conrad use of it -- in the anglicised version , `` Conrad '' -- may also have been an homage to the Polish Romantic poet Adam Mickiewicz 's patriotic narrative poem , Konrad Wallenrod .
 Konrad   was  

 In June 2009 , Somali naval forces were re-established with a new commander appointed , Admiral Farah Omar Ahmed .
 a new commander   appointed  

 Malta is said that under the Knights , this was the one day in the year when the Maltese were allowed to hunt and eat wild rabbit , which was otherwise reserved for the hunting pleasures of the Knights .
 the Maltese   to hunt  

 In February , Louis Philippe Jules Verne had been overthrown and had fled ; on 24 February a provisory government , the French Second Republic , was established , but political demonstrations continued and social tension remained .
 the French Second Republic   was established  

 Once the epitaxial silicon is deposited , the crystal lattice becomes stretched somewhat , resulting in improved electronic mobility .
 the epitaxial silicon   is deposited  

 Salt Lake City 's selection as the host of the 2002 Winter Olympics spurred a construction boom in the city that continued well after the Olympics left , until a recession began in 2008 .
 the Olympics   left  

 Because Peterson was a big man -- six feet three inches -- Oscar Peterson could stretch Oscar Peterson hands over a keyboard in a way few musicians can match .
 few musicians   can match  

 Stuart humorously wrote of J.E.B. Stuart rapid courtship in Latin , `` Veni , Vidi , Victus sum '' ( J.E.B. Stuart came , J.E.B. Stuart saw , J.E.B. Stuart was conquered ) .
 Veni   came  

 Yusuf Islam ( born Steven Demetre Georgiou ; 21 July 1948 ) , commonly known by Cat Stevens former stage name Cat Stevens , is a British singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , humanitarian , education philanthropist , and prominent convert to Islam .
 Yusuf Islam   born  

 The genes that produce photopigments are carried on the X chromosome ; if some of these genes are missing or damaged , Color blindness will be expressed in males with a higher probability than in females because males only have one X chromosome ( in females , a functional gene on only one of the two X chromosomes is sufficient to yield the needed photopigments ) .
 some of these genes   damaged  

 The name Quayle originates from the Isle of Man , where Dan Quayle great-grandfather was born .
 Dan Quayle great-grandfather   was born  

 For example ethane consists of two carbon atoms single-bonded to each other , with each carbon atom having three hydrogen atoms bonded to Chemical formula .
 three hydrogen atoms   bonded  

 Missile often have multiple engine stages , particularly in those launched from Missile .
 those   launched  

 The work of gravity on a body moving along a trajectory s ( t ) = ( x ( t ) , y ( t ) , z ( t ) ) , such as the track of a roller coaster is calculated using Potential energy velocity , v = ( vx , vy , vz ) , to obtain where the integral of the vertical component of velocity is the vertical distance .
 y ( t ) , z ( t ) ) , such as the track of a roller coaster   is calculated  

 On 13 February 2008 , Jamiroquai announced from their website that it would perform at the World Stage of the Rock in Rio -- Madrid festival , being held in Arganda del Rey , Madrid with others artists who have ( then ) yet to be announced .
 others artists   have  

 Biologically , levels of hormones such as testosterone are believed to affect Libido ; social factors , such as work and family , also have an impact ; as do internal psychological factors , like personality and stress .
 levels of hormones such as testosterone   are believed  

 Wallace stated Dale Earnhardt and Earnhardt had to sit on the backs of their chairs to see and Earnhardt said `` This sucks , Dale Earnhardt could have gone hunting '' .
 Dale Earnhardt   hunting  

 The work , for percussion , voices , and strings , is a musical documentary , named for the Cave of Machpelah in Hebron , where a mosque now stands and Abraham is said to have been buried .
 Abraham   to have been buried  

 Anesthesia & Analgesia went on to publish 11 additional manuscripts by Dr. Fujii following the 2000 allegations of research fraud , with Editor Steven Shafer stating in March 2012 that subsequent submissions to the Journal by Dr. Fujii should not have been published without first vetting the allegations of fraud .
 Anesthesia & Analgesia   went on  

 The American sociologists Rodney Stark and William Sims Bainbridge assert that `` sects claim to be authentic purged , refurbished version of the faith from which they split '' .
 sects   authentic purged  

 Early Super Bowls featured a halftime show consisting of marching bands from local colleges or high schools ; but as the popularity of the game increased , a trend where popular singers and musicians performed during Super Bowl pre-game ceremonies and the halftime show , or simply sang the national anthem of the United States , emerged .
 a trend where popular singers and musicians performed during Super Bowl pre-game ceremonies and the halftime show , or simply sang the national anthem of the United States   emerged  

 Through Reagan 's resourcefulness and remarkable industry , he had his department assembled , organized and in operation before the other Presidential cabinet members had their departments fully operational .
 his department   organized  

 The CDC in the US recommends using one of these treatments , in this order of preference ( the first is known to be the most effective , the others are alternative treatments ) Studies have demonstrated that a 5 day course of Azithromycin has a superior cure rate than the 1 g single dose .
 the first   is known  

 A common argument for using PMCs ( used by the PMCs themselves ) , is that PMCs may be able to help combat genocide and civilian slaughter where the UN is unwilling or unable to intervene .
 the UN   to intervene  

 The over-the-shoulder variety of Saxhorn was used , as the backward-pointing bell of Saxhorn allowed troops marching behind the band to hear the music .
 The over-the-shoulder variety of Saxhorn   was used  

 Shortly after the start of transcription , the 5 ' end of the mRNA being synthesized is bound by a cap-synthesizing complex associated with RNA polymerase .
 the 5 ' end of the mRNA   being synthesized  

 Although not handsome in J.E.B. Stuart teen years , J.E.B. Stuart classmates called J.E.B. Stuart by the nickname `` Beauty '' , which they described as J.E.B. Stuart `` personal comeliness in inverse ratio to the term employed '' .
 the term   employed  

 Well known examples include Leonardo da Vinci 's depiction , which is considered the first work of High Renaissance art due to Last Supper high level of harmony , Tintoretto 's depiction which is unusual in that it includes secondary characters carrying or taking the dishes from the table and Salvadore Dali 's depiction combines the typical Christian themes with modern approaches of Surrealism .
 secondary characters   carrying  

 ² following the `` Law on the region of Hanover '' , Hanover counts since November 1 , 2001 as an urban district as long as no other rules apply .
 no other rules   apply  

 In 1963 Midwest League became a Class A league after the minor league classification structure was reorganized .
 the minor league classification structure   was reorganized  

 MP3 works by reducing accuracy of certain parts of sound that are considered to be beyond the auditory resolution ability of most people .
 MP3   works  

 The assistance rendered is a form of self-sacrifice on the part of the teachers , who would presumably be able to achieve total detachment from worldly concerns , but have instead chosen to remain engaged in the material world to the degree that this is necessary to assist others in achieving such detachment .
 The assistance   rendered  

 Friedrich Engels argued that in 1848 , at the time when the Communist Manifesto was published , `` socialism was respectable on the continent , while communism was not '' .
 communism   was not  

 Since the Middle Ages the two ceremonies have taken place as a combined ceremony performed in public .
 the Middle   Ages  

 In 1982 , a comic book adaptation of the film called was released by Marvel Comics .
 the film   called  

 Lois Lane were rescued by Krypto when Superman attacked their protest march , Batman and Krypto had to fight Superman until the effects of the Red Kryptonite wore off .
 Superman   attacked  

 A statite ( a portmanteau of static and satellite ) is a hypothetical type of artificial satellite that employs a solar sail to continuously modify Statite orbit in ways that gravity alone would not allow .
 that gravity alone   would not allow  

 The term `` Almoravid dynasty '' comes from the Arabic `` al-Murabitun '' , which is the plural form of `` al-Murabit '' - literally meaning `` one who is tying '' but figuratively meaning `` one who is ready for battle at a fortress '' .
 one   is tying  

 To make this precise , a universal computer ( or universal Turing machine ) must be specified , so that Kolmogorov complexity means a program for this universal machine .
 a universal computer ( or universal Turing machine   must be specified  

 In the north , Castile and León includes the southern face of the Cantabrian Mountains ; the northern slope , facing the Atlantic , falls within other provinces .
 the northern slope   falls  

 At the same time , the provincial government became increasingly difficult to manage .
 the provincial government   to manage  

 Fearing retribution , Burgess keeps Dream imprisoned .
 Dream   imprisoned  

 In comparing misogyny with misandry , sociologist Michael Flood , at the University of Wollongong , has argued that `` misandry lacks the systemic , transhistoric , institutionalized , and legislated antipathy of misogyny '' .
 the systemic , transhistoric   institutionalized  

 The equation of Parabola then becomes The last equation can be rewritten so the graph of any function which is a polynomial of degree 2 in x is a parabola with a vertical axis .
 The last equation   can be rewritten  

 Although the books of The Railway Series by the Reverend W. Awdry were written in English , Manx had a significant influence on the world in which Manx language were set .
 the books of The Railway Series by the Reverend W. Awdry   were written  

 Scared to Death opens with the disclosure by morgue examiners that a beautiful woman has literally died of fright .
 Scared to Death   opens  

 It stayed there for three years , when Harun al-Rashid , happening to pass through Baghdad from the East , gave command for the remains to be taken down and burned .
 the remains   to be taken down  

 Civilization (film) is a masterpiece -- a picture that grips and thrills .
 a picture   thrills  

 Before the term exobase was established the boundary was also called Exosphere where barometric conditions no longer apply .
 the term exobase   was established  

 More to the point is Conrad 's remark in A Personal Record that English was `` the speech of Joseph Conrad secret choice , of Joseph Conrad future , of long friendships , of the deepest affections , of hours of toil and hours of ease , and of solitary hours , too , of books read , of thoughts pursued , of remembered emotions -- of Joseph Conrad very dreams !
 the speech of Joseph Conrad secret choice , of Joseph Conrad future , of long friendships , of the deepest affections , of hours of toil and hours of ease , and of solitary hours , too , of books read , of thoughts pursued , of remembered emotions -- of Joseph Conrad   very dreams  

 As a preacher John Fisher reputation was so great that in 1509 , during which both King Henry VII and the Lady Margaret died , Fisher was appointed to preach the funeral oration on both occasions , the texts being still extant .
 both King Henry VII and the Lady Margaret   died  

 After the late Rebbe of Chabad Lubavitch , Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson , started his Noahide Campaign in the 1980s , the number of Gentiles willing to keep Seven Laws of Noah as described in the Torah increased .
 the 1980s   increased  

 The most widely accepted view today is that the original Septuagint provided a reasonably accurate record of an early Hebrew textual variant that differed from the ancestor of the Masoretic text as well as those of the Latin Vulgate , where both of the latter seem to have a more similar textual heritage .
 both of the latter   seem  

 This is done by oxidizing the major products of glucose , pyruvate , and NADH , which are produced in the cytosol .
 This   is done  

 Establishing the cause of psychosis requires clinical examination , and sometimes special investigations , to diagnose or exclude secondary causes of psychosis ; if these are excluded , a primary psychiatric diagnosis can be established .
 a primary psychiatric diagnosis   can be established  

 `` The presumption of a spurious value for the currency , by the force of law expressed in the regulation of prices , contains in Stagflation , however , the seeds of final economic decay , and soon dries up the sources of ultimate supply .
 law   expressed  

 Bark Beetle in particular carry Dutch elm disease as they move from infected breeding sites to feed on healthy elm trees .
 they   to feed  

 To some extent , this spectrum has analogies in other monotheistic religions , although in other religions the term `` predestination '' may not be used .
 the term `` predestination   may not be used  

 When intrinsically active neurons are connected to each other in complex circuits , the possibilities for generating intricate temporal patterns become far more extensive .
 intrinsically active neurons   are connected  

 The establishment of Newlyn School was reminiscent of the Barbizon School in France , where artists fled Paris to paint in a more pure setting emphasizing natural light .
 artists   fled Paris to paint  

 In the 1980s , Plaisted 's pilots Weldy Phipps and Ken Lee signed affidavits asserting that no such airlift was provided .
 no such airlift   was provided  

 The number of South Africans living below the poverty line , identified according to Apartheid-era social categories , was calculated in one study as 56 % `` black '' , 27 % `` coloured '' , 9 % `` India '' , and 2 % `` white '' .
 black '' , 27 %   coloured  

 In 1863 Napoleon III created by decree the Salon des Refusés , at which paintings rejected for display at the Salon of the Académie des Beaux-Arts were to be displayed .
 the Salon des Refusés   to be displayed  

 As proposed by Edward Lorenz in 1963 , long range forecasts , those made at a range of two weeks or more , are impossible to definitively predict the state of Weather forecasting , owing to the chaotic nature of the fluid dynamics equations involved .
 the fluid dynamics equations   involved  

 Pippin 's descendants , the Carolingians , continued to rule the two realms as mayors .
 Pippin 's descendants   continued  

 But as class unloading occurs much more rarely than objects are collected , moving class structures to a specific area allows significant performance improvements .
 class unloading   occurs much more rarely  

 The Articles of Confederation , ratified by the colonies in 1781 , contained the clause , `` The United States in Congress assembled shall also have the sole and exclusive right and power of regulating the alloy and value of coin struck by their own authority , or by that of the respective states -- fixing the standards of weights and measures throughout the United States -- ... '' .
 the clause , `` The United States in Congress   assembled  

 Zecharias Frankel was opposed to any innovation which was objectionable to Jewish sentiment .
 Zecharias Frankel   was opposed  

 Mostly composed of old , yellow stars , Tucana does possess a contingent of blue stragglers , young stars that are hypothesized to form from binary star mergers .
 young stars   to form  

 According to Warren Buckland , these themes are portrayed through the use of low height camera tracking shots , which have become one of Spielberg 's directing trademarks .
 these themes   are portrayed  

 As the momentum picks up year after year , the WHL is confident that almost all the estimated 1.5 billion people affected by elevated blood pressure can be reached .
 almost all the estimated 1.5 billion people affected by elevated blood pressure   can be reached  

 After six more weeks of building up Second Battle of El Alamein forces , Eighth Army was ready to strike .
 Eighth Army   to strike  

 A ring road goes around the perimeter of the island with smaller roads branching off of Saint Kitts ; the interior of the island is too steep for habitation .
 smaller roads   branching  

 Edessa was re-occupied , and Mannus , the king deposed by the Parthians , was re-installed .
 Edessa   was re-occupied  

 Some of Stasi is very easy due to the number of archives and the failure of shredding machines ( in some cases `` shredding '' meant tearing paper in two by hand and documents could be recovered easily ) .
 some cases   shredding  

 This resulted in reduced hardware localization cost ( only some select key caps and case labels had to be localized ) with the added benefit of a rudimentary copy protection mechanism ( without a firmware present , the machine Amstrad CPC could not copy a game cartridge 's content ) .
 key caps and case labels   to be localized  

 Pope Pius II , who was born in the middle of the reign of Charles VI , wrote in Charles VI of France Commentaries that there were times when Charles thought that Charles VI of France was made of glass , and this caused Charles VI of France to protect Charles VI of France in various ways so that Charles VI of France would not break .
 Charles VI of France   would not break  

 In reaction Jeff Moorad announced he would sell Tucson Padres if a location within the San Diego area could not be found .
 a location within the San Diego area   could not be found  

 Subsequently , many made a living from working as mercenaries for continental armies , the most famous of whom was Patrick Sarsfield , who , having fallen mortally wounded at the Battle of Landen fighting for the French , said `` If this was only for Ireland '' .
 Subsequently , many made a living from working as mercenaries for continental armies   said  

 Foreign relations of the Republic of Macedonia was not until after the country 's flag was changed that Foreign relations of the Republic of Macedonia was raised at the UN Headquarters .
 the country 's flag   was changed  

 Many scabbards like the ones the Greeks and Romans used were small and light .
 the ones   used  

 During the same period , the UN International Monitoring Group ( IMG ) published a report claiming that the Somali government 's security forces were ineffective and corrupt , and that up to half of the food aid that was destined for the conflict-stricken parts of the country was being misdirected .
 the food aid   was destined  

 A menorah similar to the Menorah used in the Mishkan is now used during the holiday of Hanukkah that celebrates the miracle of the last of such containers being found during the re-dedication of the Temple ( 163 BC ) , when Olive oil contents lasted for far longer than Olive oil were expected to , allowing more time for more oil to be made .
 Olive oil   were expected  

 Even Islamic and Jewish dietary laws , which prohibit the consumption of other insects , allow Locust to be eaten , particularly as famine foods for the poor .
 Locust   to be eaten  

 As princes continued to gain more power over time , the authority of the king was diminished in many places .
 princes   continued  

 Whether this pattern is typical of all people who ultimately develop hypertension is disputed .
 hypertension   is disputed  

 In the most recent elections , held on Tuesday , 25 May 2010 the `` Megacombinatie '' won 23 of the National Assembly seats followed by `` Nationale Front '' with 20 seats .
 the National Assembly seats   followed  

 ` Ngati ' is recognised as the first feature film to be written and directed by a member of a minority indigenous population ( in this case Maori ) .
 the first feature film   to be written  

 The bubble is suffused with high-temperature plasma that suggests Solar System is the product of several recent supernovae .
 The bubble   is suffused  

 Indeed , this is the image invoked by the verb in Isaiah 31:5 : `` As birds hovering , so will the Lord of hosts protect Jerusalem ; He will deliver Passover as He protecteth Passover , He will rescue Passover as He passeth over '' ( כְּצִפֳּרִים עָפוֹת -- כֵּן יָגֵן יְהוָה צְבָאוֹת , עַל - יְרוּשָׁלִָם ; גָּנוֹן וְהִצִּיל , פָּסֹחַ וְהִמְלִיט .
 birds   hovering  

 Despite the opinions even of some who knew Joseph Conrad personally , such as fellow novelist Henry James , Conrad -- even when Joseph Conrad was only writing elegantly crafted letters to Joseph Conrad uncle and acquaintances -- was always at heart a writer who sailed , rather than a sailor who wrote .
 a sailor   wrote  

 Those who broke the rules by crossing the border into the territory before the official opening time were said to have been crossing the border sooner , leading to the term sooners , which eventually became Oklahoma official nickname .
 the official opening time   were said  

 Various History -- for the most part preserved only in an abridged form -- is Aelian 's other well-known work , a miscellany of anecdotes and biographical sketches , lists , pithy maxims , and descriptions of natural wonders and strange local customs , in 14 books , with many surprises for the cultural historian and the mythographer , anecdotes about the famous Greek philosophers , poets , historians , and playwrights and myths instructively retold .
 the most part   preserved  

 Caravaggio style continued to evolve -- Saint Ursula is caught in a moment of highest action and drama , as the arrow fired by the king of the Huns strikes her in the breast , unlike earlier paintings which had all the immobility of the posed models .
 Caravaggio style   continued  

 This claim can be understood in a number of ways , with the fundamental division being between those who argue that justice is the creation of some humans , and those who argue that Justice is the creation of all humans .
 This claim   can be understood  

 It was also the first game where players were given multiple lives , had to repel hordes of enemies , could take cover from enemy fire , and use destructible barriers , in addition to being Space Invaders to use a continuous background soundtrack , with four simple diatonic descending bass notes repeating in a loop , which was dynamic and changed pace during stages , like a heartbeat sound that increases pace as enemies approached .
 enemies   approached  

 As expected , none of these targets were met , and 2 percent growth annually which had been the norm before the plan continued under Mohammad Najibullah .
 none of these targets   were met  

 The war that followed ended in 1206 with a treaty in which Pisa gave up all Pisa hopes to expand in the Adriatic , though Pisa maintained the trading posts Pisa had established in the area .
 The war   followed  

 Sodium content in bulk may be determined by treating with a large excess of uranyl zinc acetate ; the hexahydrate ( UO2 ) 2ZnNa ( CH3CO2 ) · 6H2O precipitates , which can be weighed .
 6H2O precipitates   can be weighed  

 The Casket letters , alleged to have been written by Mary , seemed to indicate her support for the killing .
 The Casket letters   seemed  

 Currently , this position is held by Gregor Virant , who won against his opponent Maša Kociper with 52 votes against 38 .
 Gregor Virant   won  

 Moloch , to whom the second section is addressed , is a Levantine god to whom children were sacrificed .
 children   were sacrificed  

 Although Byrd supported Congressional acceptance of Twenty-seventh Amendment to the United States Constitution , he contended that Wilson had deviated from `` historic tradition '' by not waiting for Congress to consider the validity of the ratification , given the more than 202-year lapse since the Amendment had been proposed .
 the Amendment   had been proposed  

 Within the fictional narrative of the show , Loretta Sanchez was briefly seen on the program Larry King Live being interviewed about a criminal legal case .
 the program   being interviewed  

 When the high voltage is removed , the electrons are trapped on the electrode .
 the high voltage   is removed  

 / int isSierpinskiCarpetPixelFilled ( int x , int y ) while ( x > 0 y > 0 ) / / when either of these reaches zero the pixel is determined to be on the edge / / at that square level and must be filled if ( x % 3The topic of Brownian motion on Sierpinski carpet has attracted interest in recent years .
 either of these   reaches  

 The team made an aggregate net loss in the following seasons ( 2006 to date ) : - $ 927,569 ( 2006 -- 07 ) , - $ 20,787,469 ( 2007 -- 08 ) , net income $ 6,582,489 ( 2008 -- 09 ) and net loss $ 10,967,944 ( 2009 -- 10 ) After an unaudited $ 43,411,481 net loss was recorded in the first 9 months of 2010 -- 11 season , the BoD announced that a capital increase of $ 120 million was planned , scheduled to submit to the extraordinary shareholder 's meeting in October .
 a capital increase of $ 120 million   was planned  

 Due to a complex manufacturing processes , cartridge-based games were more expensive to manufacture than Nintendo 64 optical counterparts , as well as leaving less flexibility for game publishers who had to forecast demand for Nintendo 64 titles .
 cartridge-based games   to manufacture  

 However , if Avalanche has sintered into a stiff slab overlying a weak layer then fractures can propagate very rapidly , so that a large volume of snow , that may be thousands of cubic meters , can start moving almost simultaneously .
 a large volume of snow , that may be thousands of cubic meters ,   moving almost simultaneously  

 Spectacle makers created improved types of lenses for the correction of vision based more on empirical knowledge gained from observing the effects of the lenses rather than using the rudimentary Optics theory of the day ( theory which for the most part could not even adequately explain how spectacles worked ) .
 spectacles   worked  

 Persian gardens utilized the Achaemenid knowledge of water technologies as Persian people utilized aqueducts , earliest historically recorded gravity-fed water rills , and basins arranged in a geometric system .
 Persian people   utilized  

 A popular joke at the time was to cover Paasikivi 's face except for his ear and back of the head on the 10 markkaa note , ending up with something resembling a mouse , said to be the only animal illustration in the entire series .
 A popular joke at the time was to cover Paasikivi 's face except for his ear and back of the head on the 10 markkaa note   said  

 Carbon dioxide is more soluble in water than either oxygen or nitrogen , so Beetle readily diffuses out faster than in .
 Beetle   readily diffuses out faster  

 Jim Jarmusch was shot in black and white by Robby Müller , and features a score composed and performed by Neil Young , for whom Jim Jarmusch subsequently filmed the tour documentary Year of the Horse , released to tepid reviews in 1997 .
 a score   composed  

 While certain streets are discontinuous for cars , they connect to a network of pedestrian and bike paths which permeate the entire centre .
 they   connect  

 This conforms therefore with Eustace having somewhat lost Eustace II, Count of Boulogne nerve and having urged the Duke to retreat whilst the Battle was at its height with the outcome still uncertain .
 the Duke   to retreat  

 Each element of the system was meant to remedy defects in the West Saxon military establishment exposed by the Viking invasions .
 Each element of the system   was meant  

 The principals , Bai Bureh , Nyagua and Be Sherbro ( Gbana Lewis ) , were exiled to the Gold Coast on 30 July 1899 ; a large number of their subordinates were executed .
 a large number of their subordinates   were executed  

 The JVM has currently no built-in support for dynamically typed languages : the existing JVM instruction set is statically typed , although the JVM can be used to implement interpreters for dynamic languages .
 the existing JVM instruction set   is statically typed  

 In some developed countries smoking rates for men have peaked and begun to decline , while for women they continue to climb .
 they   to climb  

 Commander Alan Shepard , Command Module Pilot Stuart Roosa , and Lunar Module Pilot Edgar Mitchell launched on Apollo 14 on January 31 , 1971 at 4None 42 kg lb of Moon rock s were collected and several surface experiments , including seismic studies , were performed .
 several surface experiments , including seismic studies   were performed  

 The Residence Hall Association ( RHA ) of Arizona State University is the student government for every ASU student living on-campus .
 every ASU student   living  

 The highly energetic chemistry is believed to have produced a self-replicating molecule around 4 billion years ago .
 The highly energetic chemistry   is believed  

 The piece of equipment is used for gathering the red balls into the formation required for Snooker to start a frame .
 the formation   required  

 According to the GBRMPA , the current , living reef structure is believed to have begun growing on the older platform about 20,000 years ago .
 the current , living reef structure   to have begun  

 In some variants , the picker is allowed to play alone .
 the picker   to play alone  

 Alypius of Antioch rule is recorded is Ammianus XXIII 1 , 3 .
 Alypius of Antioch rule   is recorded  

 As Photoplay editor James Quirk put Sound film in March 1924 , `` Talking pictures are perfected , says Dr. Lee De Forest .
 Talking pictures   are perfected  

 Major presented only one Budget , the first one to be televised live , in early 1990 .
 the first one   to be televised  

 As tensions mounted , Louis decided to acknowledge James Stuart , the son of James II , as king of England on the latter 's death , infuriating William III .
 tensions   mounted  

 By 1939 , 5,000 Arabs had been killed in British attempts to quash the revolt ; more than 15,000 were wounded .
 more than 15,000   were wounded  

 On a slightly larger scale but in what Brown calls a `` brilliantly sophisticated form , '' Glinka uses this principle in Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky orchestral scherzo Kamarinskaya to establish how the two seemingly dissimilar folk melodies Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky used were actually related .
 the two seemingly dissimilar folk melodies Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky used   were actually related  

 Chris Schenkel was their play-by-play announcer in that early era when each team was assigned New York Giants own network voice on New York Giants regional telecasts .
 each team   was assigned  

 As the Second Intifada raged , Marwan Barghouti became increasingly popular as a leader of the Fatah armed branch , the Tanzim , seen as one of the major forces fighting against the Israel Defense Forces .
 the Second Intifada   raged  

 However the proportion of single star systems increases for smaller stars , so that only 25 % of red dwarfs are known to have stellar companions .
 only 25 % of red dwarfs   are known  

 Predestination in this sense takes on a very literal meaning : pre - ( before ) and destiny , in a straightforward way indicating that some events seem bound to happen .
 some events   to happen  

 On April 17 , 1999 , just nine days after Compaq reported first-quarter profit being at half of what analysts had expected , the latest in a string of earnings disappointments , Pfeiffer was forced to resign as CEO in a coup led by board chairman Ben Rosen .
 analysts   had expected  

 In 2000 Oliver and his friend Loaf set up a small publishing company called the Dragons Friendly Society to look after Noggin the Nog , Pogles Wood , Pingwings .
 Oliver and his friend   set up a small publishing company called the Dragons Friendly Society to look  

 Eight of Nilo-Saharan languages proposed constituent divisions ( excluding Kunama , Kuliak , and Songhay ) are found in the modern nation of Sudan , through which the Nile River flows .
 the Nile River   flows  

 Joachim von Ribbentrop is the first of those sentenced to death to be hanged .
 the first of those   to be hanged  

 On 1 November 1943 , the Soviet Union , the United Kingdom and the United States published their `` Declaration on German Atrocities in Occupied Europe '' , which gave a `` full warning '' that , when the Nazis were defeated , the Allies would `` pursue them to the uttermost ends of the earth ... in order that justice may be done .
 justice   may be done  

 The amount of money actually saved through recycling depends on the efficiency of the recycling program used to do Recycling .
 money   actually saved  

 The International Speech Contest is an annual Toastmasters International contest that runs through all levels of Toastmasters International .
 an annual Toastmasters International contest   runs  

 He is said to have named Submarine sandwich after seeing the recovered 1901 submarine called Fenian Ram in the Paterson Museum of New Jersey in 1918 .
 He   is said  

 No texts by Pythagoras are known to have survived , although forgeries under Pythagoras name -- a few of which remain extant -- did circulate in antiquity .
 No texts by Pythagoras   are known  

 Diana McVeagh in Grove 's Dictionary finds many embryonic Elgarian touches in these pieces , but few of them are regularly played , except Salut d'Amour and ( as arranged decades later into The Wand of Youth Suites ) some of the childhood sketches .
 embryonic Elgarian   touches  

 Other trees in the towns of Amioun appear to be at least 1,500 years old .
 Other trees in the towns of Amioun   appear  

 Originally Aristotle divided all living things between plants , which generally do not move fast enough for humans to notice , and animals .
 humans   to notice  

 In 1835 , the English poet William Wordsworth described the Lake District as a The painter George Catlin , in his travels through the American West , wrote during the 1830s that the Native Americans in the United States might be preserved The first effort by any government to set aside such protected lands was in the United States , on April 20 , 1832 , when President Andrew Jackson signed legislation that the 22nd United States Congress had enacted to set aside four sections of land around what is now Hot Springs , Arkansas , to protect the natural , thermal springs and adjoining mountainsides for the future disposal of the U.S. government .
 the Native Americans in the United States   might be preserved  

 Steal (poker) steal '' or `` blind steal '' ( depending on whether the game being played uses antes or blinds ) .
 the game   being played  

 The latter rule is generally preferred , as Declaration (poker) affords more strategic possibilities in declaration .
 The latter rule   is generally preferred  

 The commission for a modern pole ranges in the tens of thousands of dollars ; the time spent carving after initial designs are completed usually lasts about a year , so the commission essentially functions as the artist 's primary means of income during the period .
 initial designs   are completed usually  

 The many hybrids of this species designated Achillea x taygetea are useful garden subjects , including : ` Appleblossom ' , ` Fanal ' , ` Hoffnung ' , and ` Moonshine ' Achillea millefolium , Achillea millefolium , is considered an especially useful companion plant , repelling some insect pests while attracting good , predatory ones .
 this species   designated  

 The following 1 July , William and James met , accompanied by 50,000 of their men , at the Battle of the Boyne .
 The following 1 July , William and James   met  

 Stout is a globally known style of beer which originated in England , although English cuisine came to be associated with Ireland .
 English cuisine   came  

 This term means to focus on a goal so as to lose sight of the `` means-whereby '' the goal could be most appropriately achieved .
 the goal   could be most appropriately achieved  

 People flooded into the state of Florida as land prices soared , only to bust as the Great Depression temporarily stopped growth in Florida .
 land prices   soared  

 The precise division of Francia into a Neustrian , Austrasian , and Burgundian kingdom dates only from the late sixth century , so earlier kings who ruled from Soissons or Paris are here excluded .
 The precise division of Francia into a Neustrian , Austrasian , and Burgundian kingdom dates only from the late sixth century   are here excluded  

 The wavelength of the energy absorbed corresponds to yellow light .
 the energy   absorbed  

 In 2010 , HP Enterprise Services was ranked first in Corporate Responsibility Magazine 's `` Corporate Citizens in Government Contracting '' listing .
 Corporate Responsibility Magazine 's `` Corporate Citizens in Government   Contracting  

 Tabari concludes Harun al-Rashid account of Harun 's reign with these words : `` It has been said that when Harun al-Rashid died , there were nine hundred million odd ( dirhams ) in the state treasury '' .
 Harun al-Rashid   died  

 In the second account given by the Thebans , when Alcmene died , she was turned from human form to a stone .
 Alcmene   died  

 Chief among these is that as more material must be supported ( as height increases ) , the distance between supporting members must decrease , which actually in turn , increases the amount of material that must be supported .
 the amount of material   must be supported  

 Roy would prove a pivotal addition for Colorado in the years to come .
 the years   to come  

 The novel is an imaginative telling of a story which Steinbeck had heard in La Paz in 1940 , as related in The Log From the Sea of Cortez , which John Steinbeck described in Chapter 11 as being `` so much like a parable that it almost ca n't be '' .
 it   almost ca n't be  

 Oswald dislikes Mickey for stealing his popularity that he felt he deserved .
 he   deserved  

 The designs featured inscribed messages such as `` Plush safe Jean-Michel Basquiat think .
 Plush safe Jean-Michel Basquiat   think  

 Empiricism fails to fully consider the structure and method of mathematical science , the products of which are arrived at through an internally consistent deductive set of procedures which do not , either today or at the time Mill wrote , fall under the agreed meaning of induction .
 procedures   do not  

 Pressure casting -- specially developed polymeric materials allow a mould to be subject to application external pressures of up to 4.0 MPa -- so much higher than slip casting in plaster moulds where the capillary forces correspond to a pressure of around 0.1 - 0.2 MPa .
 Pressure   casting  

 After hard X-rays come gamma rays , which were discovered by Paul Villard in 1900 .
 hard X-rays   come  

 In addition , the prominent paleontologist Arthur Smith Woodward spent time at Piltdown each year until he died trying to find more Piltdown Man remains .
 he   died  

 This is the paradox : Otto Rank is out of nature and hopelessly in it ; Otto Rank is dual , up in the stars and yet housed in a heart-pumping , breath-gasping body that once belonged to a fish and still has the gill marks to prove it ... Man is literally split in two : Otto Rank has awareness of Otto Rank own splendid uniqueness in that Otto Rank sticks out of nature with a towering majesty , and yet Otto Rank goes back into the ground a few feet in order blindly and dumbly to rot and disappear forever .
 a few feet in order   to rot  

 Silicon also has significant advantages engendered through Microelectromechanical systems material properties .
 significant advantages   engendered  

 Halliwell left a suicide note , informing police that all would be explained if they read Orton 's diaries , `` especially the latter part '' .
 all   would be explained  

 A critical role for the ER in calcium signaling was acknowledged before such a role for Mitochondrion was widely accepted , in part because the low affinity of Ca2 + channels localized to the outer mitochondrial membrane seemed to fly in the face of this organelle 's purported responsiveness to changes in intracellular Ca2 + flux .
 such a role for Mitochondrion   was widely accepted  

 The election was won by Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi Slavery is still said to exist in Mauritania , some 100 years after slavery officially ended in the West and since Politics of Mauritania was officially abolished in the country in 1981 .
 slavery   officially ended  

 The Motorola 6800 architecture and instruction set were influenced by the then popular Digital Equipment Corporation PDP-11 mini computer .
 The Motorola 6800 architecture and instruction   set  

 Groucho himself was no help on this point ; during his Carnegie Hall concert , when he was discussing the Brothers ' names and when Marx Brothers came to his own , he said , `` My name , of course , I never did understand '' .
 I   never did understand  

 John Keenan , who praised the collection Endpoint as `` beautiful and poignant '' , notes that John Updike poetry 's engagement with `` the everyday world in a technically accomplished manner seems to count against him '' .
 John Updike poetry 's engagement with `` the everyday world in a technically accomplished manner   to count  

 Advocates respond that a preliminary research path leading to a diamondoid nanofactory is being developed .
 a preliminary research path leading to a diamondoid nanofactory   is being developed  

 However , brews made using DMT containing plants are illegal since DMT is a Schedule I drug .
 brews   made  

 The original badge depicted a Robin inside a shield with the letters STFC in the four corners , this changed to the `` Steam Train '' badge which was a coat of arms for the club based heavily on the coat of arms used by the local council .
 the club   based heavily  

 It 's not what Steve Ditko 'm like that counts ; it 's what Steve Ditko did and how well it was done ... Steve Ditko produce a product , a comic art story .
 Steve Ditko   'm  

 Other matters of concern during Thompson 's tenure as Prime Minister included the reduction of trade tariffs and questions over schooling in Manitoba and in the North West Territories , where disputes over the role of Catholics and Protestants in administering the school system existed .
 disputes over the role of Catholics and Protestants in administering the school system   existed  

 The popes took advantage of the failure of Utrecht , and the person named as apostolic vicar was derided by Rome as the Archbishop of Utrecht in partibus infidelium .
 the person   named  

 Fisher seems to have had close contacts with John Fisher extended family all John Fisher life .
 Fisher   seems  

 The crooked town 's mayor , Hiram J. Slade ( Samuel S. Hinds ) , who is in collusion with Kent , appoints the town drunk , Washington Dimsdale ( Charles Winninger ) , as the new sheriff , assuming that he 'll be easy to control and manipulate .
 he   to control  

 Jerome was registered , like Jerome K. Jerome father 's amended name , as Jerome Clapp Jerome , and the Klapka appears to be a later variation ( after the exiled Hungarian general György Klapka ) .
 Jerome   was registered  

 The polymer is weaker than the components of the propeller and engine so Propeller fails before Propeller do when the propeller is overloaded .
 the propeller   is overloaded  

 Saddam Hussein never knew Saddam Hussein father , Hussein ` Abid al-Majid , who disappeared six months before Saddam was born .
 Saddam   was born  

 The years that followed were relatively peaceful , though Bithynia came more and more under the control of Rome .
 The years   followed  

 A pure or merit salvage award will seldom exceed 50 percent of the value of the property salved .
 the property   salved  

 The closing ceremony of Olympic Games takes place after all sporting events have concluded .
 all sporting events   have concluded  

 An avid poker player , Jason Alexander was also one of the `` famous faces '' due to being a regular player on the online poker website Hollywood Poker which is run in conjunction with Ongame Network .
 the online poker website   is run  

 In the song , `` Take this Hammer , '' Lead Belly explained , `` Every time the men say ` haah , ' the hammer falls .
 the hammer   falls  

 What form this first castle took is uncertain because Leeds Castle was rebuilt and transformed in the following centuries .
 this first castle   took  

 In the Western world , from the classical period through the early centuries of the Christian era , Manuscript were written without spaces between the words ( scriptio continua ) , which makes them especially hard for the untrained to read .
 the untrained   to read  

 As Mariner program progressed , the name was later changed to Voyager , as the probe designs began to differ greatly from previous Mariner missions .
 the probe designs   to differ greatly  

 Some interviews were recorded ; 23 of 26 known audio recordings are held by the American Folklife Center of the Library of Congress .
 Some interviews   were recorded  

 Those who live with someone who smokes have a 20 -- 30 % increase in risk while those who work in an environment with second hand smoke have a 16 -- 19 % increase in risk .
 someone   smokes  

 The javatari emulator has a multiplayer mode that allows two users play as Player1 and Player2 , as if Atari 2600 were playing on the same console .
 two users   play  

 If Phase (matter) is heated a little over 100 ° C , the transition from liquid to gas will occur not only at the surface , but throughout the liquid volume : the water boils .
 the water   boils  

 In 50 BC , the Senate , led by Pompey , ordered Caesar to disband Julius Caesar army and return to Rome because Julius Caesar term as governor had finished .
 Julius Caesar term as governor   had finished  

 The Bahá ' ís follow Bahá ` u 'll áh , a prophet whom they consider a successor to Muhammad , Jesus , Moses , Buddha , Zoroaster , Krishna and Abraham .
 u   'll áh  

 Both failed to live up to the expectations ; Kariya spent most of the 2003 -- 04 season injured and Selanne scored only 32 points ( 16 goals and 16 assists ) in 78 games .
 Kariya   injured  

 `` Palatium in Poznan '' will be also transformed into a museum , although more funds are needed .
 more funds   are needed  

 Where the profits of the Jewish and Lombard money-lenders had been exorbitant , and the original borrowers could not be found , Louis exacted from the usurers a contribution towards the crusade which Pope Gregory was then trying to launch .
 the original borrowers   could not be found  

 One major key design difference is multi-axial mounting of different types of loudspeakers in the same footprint , such as a tweeter directly mounted over a woofer .
 a tweeter   directly mounted  

 The helium core of a red giant continues to collapse until Main sequence is entirely supported by electron degeneracy pressure -- a quantum mechanical effect that restricts how closely matter can be compacted .
 The helium core of a red giant   continues  

 If other CYP3A substrates -- drugs that are broken down by CYP3A - such as simvastatin ( Zocor ) , lovastatin ( Mevacor ) , or atorvastatin ( Lipitor ) -- are taken concomitantly with erythromycin , levels of the substrates will increase , often causing adverse effects .
 levels of the substrates   will increase  

 The FBI stated that McVeigh scouted the interior of the building in December 1994 and likely knew of the day-care center before Oklahoma City bombing .
 McVeigh   likely knew  

 Blume has recalled , `` Judy Blume spent most of Judy Blume childhood making up stories inside of Judy Blume head '' .
 Blume   has recalled  

 A space vessel spreading Solar sail large , metallic wings , acres in extent , to the full , might be blown to the limit of Neptune 's orbit .
 A space vessel   spreading  

 Elo 's original suggestion , which is still widely used , was a simple linear adjustment proportional to the amount by which a player overperformed or underperformed his expected score .
 Elo 's original suggestion   widely used  

 And the truth is that Planned economy survived as long as Planned economy did only because Planned economy was propped up by unprecedented totalitarian political power '' .
 Planned economy   survived as long  

 Further , minimax only requires ordinal measurement ( that outcomes be compared and ranked ) , not interval measurements ( that outcomes include `` how much better or worse '' ) , and returns ordinal data , using only the modeled outcomes : the conclusion of a minimax analysis is : `` this strategy is minimax , as the worst case is ( outcome ) , which is less bad than any other strategy '' .
 that outcomes   be compared  

 In diamond , the carbons are in sp3 hybrid orbitals , which means they form a framework where each carbon is covalently bonded to three neighbours in a tetrahedral fashion ; on the other hand , graphite is composed of sheets of carbons in sp2 hybrid orbitals , where each carbon is bonded covalently to only two others .
 each carbon   is bonded covalently  

 Indeed , that Cyrus the Younger should triumph over Cyrus the Younger friends in the great matters of welldoing is not surprising , seeing that Cyrus the Younger was much more powerful than they , but that Cyrus the Younger should go beyond them in minute attentions , and in an eager desire to give pleasure , seems to Cyrus the Younger , Cyrus the Younger must confess , more admirable .
 the Younger friends in the great matters of welldoing   seeing  

 According to the Indian official history , implementation of the Forward Policy was intended to provide evidence of Indian occupation in the previously unoccupied region through which Chinese troops had been patrolling .
 Chinese troops   had been patrolling  

 A corruption scandal was uncovered involving Smith and John Poulson , a property developer from Pontefract , West Yorkshire , and both were imprisoned .
 both   were imprisoned  

 Civilization (film) is a masterpiece -- a picture that grips and thrills .
 a picture   grips  

 In Super Bowl XXXVI , first-year starting quarterback Tom Brady led his team to a 20 -- 17 upset victory over the St. Louis Rams .
 first-year   starting  

 The areas to the north and west of the Argyle Tower are largely occupied by military buildings erected after Edinburgh Castle became a major garrison in the early 18th century .
 military buildings   erected  

 Detector speed is obviously critical , as all charge carriers measured have to come from the same photon to measure the photon energy correctly ( peak length discrimination is used to eliminate events that seem to have been produced by two X-ray photons arriving almost simultaneously ) .
 two X-ray photons   arriving almost simultaneously  

 Film is a unique medium in that Propaganda film reproduces images , movement , and sound in a lifelike manner as Propaganda film fuses meaning with evolvement as time passes in the story depicted .
 the story   depicted  

 This is done in part based upon the perception that the most important and essential police work is accomplished on patrol in which officers become acquainted with their beats , prevent crime by their presence , respond to crimes in progress , manage crises , and practice their skills .
 the most important and essential police work   is accomplished  

 The Australian oil firm , for Somalia part , indicated that Somalia looked forward to establishing a mutually beneficial and profitable working relationship with the region 's new government .
 Somalia   looked forward  

 This meant that optimizing for Motorola 68060 was easier , no rules prevented FP instructions from being issued whenever was convenient for the programmer other than well understood instruction latencies .
 FP instructions   from being issued  

 John H. Manley , a physicist at the Metallurgical Laboratory , was assigned to assist Oppenheimer by contacting and coordinating experimental physics groups scattered across the country .
 John H. Manley   to assist Oppenheimer by contacting  

 Until 1996 professional players were not allowed to participate in the World Cups ; since then major league players generally have not participated because the tournaments have conflicted with regular season games .
 Until 1996 professional players   were not allowed  

 With the release of IE version 3.0 ( 1996 ) Microsoft was able to catch up with Netscape competitively , with IE Version 4.0 ( 1997 ) further improving in terms of market share .
 IE Version 4.0   improving  

 While the emergency diesel generator is starting up , power can be provided from the submarine 's battery through the Ship Service Motor Generators ( SSMGs ) .
 the emergency diesel generator   is starting up  

 He went on to publish the illustrated Pyramidographia in 1646 , while the Jesuit scientist-priest Athanasius Kircher was perhaps the first to hint at the phonetic importance of Egyptian hieroglyphs , demonstrating Coptic as a vestige of early Egyptian , for which he is considered a `` founder '' of Egyptology .
 He   went on  

 Unlike the LaVeyan Satanism founded by Anton LaVey in the 1960s , theistic Satanism is theistic as opposed to atheistic , believing that Satan is a real being rather than a symbol of individualism .
 Satan   being  

 Just before the July marching season Irish government representative Fergus Finlay held a meeting with Wright in which the latter pledged Billy Wright (loyalist) loyalty to the peace process and David Ervine in particular , although Wright also warned Finlay that loyalist views had to be respected .
 loyalist views   to be respected  

 Nostratic languages has been proposed that the broad spectrum revolution of Kent Flannery ( 1969 ) , associated with microliths , the use of the bow and arrow , and the domestication of the dog , all of which are associated with these cultures , may have been the cultural `` motor '' that led to Nostratic languages expansion .
 Nostratic languages   has been proposed  

 Augustine of Hippo believed that the serpent approached Eve because she was less rational and lacked self-control , while Adam 's choice to eat was viewed as an act of kindness so that Eve would not be left alone .
 Adam 's choice   to eat  

 A player wins a match when a certain number of frames have been won .
 a certain number of frames   have been won  

 This is achieved by compiling the Java (programming language) language code to an intermediate representation called Java (programming language) bytecode , instead of directly to platform-specific machine code .
 This   is achieved  

 The most common application of the concept in economics is in the behavioral theory of the firm , which , unlike traditional accounts , postulates that producers treat profit not as a goal to be maximized , but as a constraint .
 a goal   to be maximized  

 The immensely famous Letters of a Portuguese Nun ( Lettres portugaises ) ( 1669 ) generally attributed to Gabriel-Joseph de La Vergne , comte de Guilleragues , though a small minority still regard Marianna Alcoforado as the author , is claimed to be intended to be part of a miscellany of Guilleragues prose and poetry .
 The immensely famous Letters of a Portuguese Nun ( Lettres portugaises ) ( 1669   is claimed  

 Deeley claims that the two-and-a-half hour version tested had a better response .
 the two-and-a-half hour version   tested  

 Among Didymus the Blind peers Didymus the Blind hermeneutical method seems to have been met with mixed reactions .
 the Blind hermeneutical method   to have been met  

 If the pitcher were to move at an angle but with the same speed , the variation of the frequency at which the receiver would catch the ball would be less as the distance between the two would change more slowly .
 the pitcher   to move  

 A thin layer of water clouds appears to underlie the ammonia layer within Jupiter 's atmosphere , where thunderstorms evidenced by flashes of lightning have been detected .
 A thin layer of water clouds   appears  

 The book , whose profits were donated to assist with famine relief in Africa , was written by a number of different authors in the comic book field , such as Chris Claremont , Stan Lee , and Alan Moore , as well as authors not primarily associated with that industry , such as Harlan Ellison .
 The book   were donated  

 After a 20 mile trek in the dark , J.E.B. Stuart exhausted men reached Dover on the morning of July 1 , as the Battle of Gettysburg was commencing without them .
 the Battle of Gettysburg   was commencing  

 The landlord of a tied pub may be an employee of the brewery -- in which case he/she would be a manager of a managed house , or a self-employed tenant who has entered into a lease agreement with a brewery , a condition of which is the legal obligation ( trade tie ) only to purchase that brewery 's beer .
 a self-employed tenant   has entered  

 On 31 October 1721 , Peter I was proclaimed Emperor by the Senate - the title used was Latin `` Imperator '' , which is a westernizing form equivalent to the traditional Slavic title `` Tsar '' .
 the title   used  

 When a block , procedure or on-unit is activated , the on-units established by the invoking activation are inherited by the new activation .
 a block , procedure or on-unit   is activated  

 As the islands of Seychelles had no indigenous population , the current Seychellois are composed of people who have immigrated .
 people   have immigrated  

 `` dragon eye '' ) , is so named because Longan resembles an eyeball when its fruit is shelled ( the black seed shows through the translucent flesh like a pupil/iris ) .
 the black seed   shows  

 Sultanik agreed , commenting that Sellers 's `` exceptional vocal and physical technique '' was under-used during Peter Sellers career in the US .
 Sultanik   agreed  

 Though specific design elements of the court cards are not relevant to game play and many differ between designs , a few elements of the English pattern are notable .
 many   differ  

 But the anger from the failed AFL bid continued to simmer below the surface .
 the anger from the failed AFL bid   continued  

 As Christophe Pallier noted , `` Before the child begins to speak and to perceive , the uncommitted cortex is a blank slate on which nothing has been written .
 Christophe Pallier   noted  

 Cameras can range from small to very large , a whole room that is kept dark while the object to be photographed is in another room where it is properly illuminated .
 the object   to be photographed  

 Julmust can be aged provided Julmust is stored in a glass bottle .
 Julmust   can be aged  

 Somalia has a total area of 637,657 km2 of which constitutes land , with 10,320 km2 of water .
 Somalia   has  

 Additionally , a wide range of foreign airlines and travel-related services which advertise separately from the destinations , themselves , are owned by their respective governments ; examples include , though are not limited to , the Emirates airline ( Dubai ) , Singapore Airlines ( Singapore ) , Qatar Airways ( Qatar ) , China Airlines ( Taiwan/Republic of China ) , and Air China ( People 's Republic of China ) .
 examples   include  

 `` Free will does not exist '' , Luther 's letter to Desiderius Erasmus translated into German by Justus Jonas ( 1526 ) .
 Free   will does not exist  

 Arthur 's sister , Eleanor , who had also been captured at Mirebeau , was kept imprisoned by John, King of England for many years , albeit in relatively good conditions .
 Arthur 's sister   was kept  

 Amber Road continued by following the Meuse River towards Bern in Switzerland .
 Amber Road   continued  

 The `` Portrait Trilogy '' was completed with Akhnaten ( 1982 -- 1983 , premiered in 1984 ) , a vocal and orchestral composition sung in Akkadian , Biblical Hebrew , and Ancient Egyptian .
 The `` Portrait Trilogy   was completed  

 The shot-timed Premier League Snooker was established , with seven players invited to compete at regular United Kingdom venues , televised on Sky Sports .
 The shot-timed Premier League Snooker   was established  

 Actually , aspects `` compensate '' for the relative lack of tenses , because aspect of the verb determines whether the act is completed or in progress in the referred time .
 the act   is completed  

 A novel in which the theme rests heavily on familiarity with the American continent , Sabine River (Texas–Louisiana) 's interesting that Kerouac labels the region as `` a manuscript of the night we could n't read '' .
 we   could n't read  

 Edsger W. Dijkstra was known to be a fan of ALGOL 60 , and worked on the team that implemented the first compiler for that language .
 Edsger W. Dijkstra   was known  

 Louise Homer is known to have influenced Samuel Barber interest in voice .
 Louise Homer   is known  

 It is worth noting , however , that the effect is frequency dependent , because , if the majority of people were dichromats , camouflage dyes would be selected on the basis of deceiving dichromats instead .
 camouflage dyes   would be selected  

 In the historic center of Guadalajara, Jalisco is the Plaza de los Mariachis , named such as many groups play here .
 the Plaza de los Mariachis   named  

 PD radars operate at too high a PRF to use a transmit-receive gas filled switch , and most use solid-state devices to protect the receiver low noise amplifier when the transmitter is fired .
 the transmitter   is fired  

 Ino (Greek mythology) is a mortal queen of Thebes , who after her death and transfiguration was worshiped as a goddess under her epithet Leucothea , the `` white goddess '' .
 her death and transfiguration   was worshiped  

 The growing power of Russia in the West began to undermine the Siberia Khanate in the 16th century .
 The growing power of Russia in the West   began  

 Fronds of the raffia palm may have been brought to Kublai Khan under the guise of Roc (mythology) feathers ; a stump of Roc (mythology) quill was said to have been brought to Spain by a merchant from the China seas ( Abu Hamid of Spain , in Damiri , see below ) .
 a stump of Roc (mythology) quill   was said  

 Only Muslim men in India are allowed to have up to 4 wives , as they are subject to Sharia law .
 Only Muslim men in India   are allowed  

 employee used the company 's Hadoop application on one thousand computers over a 23-day period to compute 256 bits of at the two-quadrillionth ( 2 × 1015th ) bit , which also happens to be zero .
 the two-quadrillionth ( 2 × 1015th ) bit   happens  

 In October 1864 delegates for confederation met in Quebec City for the Quebec Conference , where the Seventy-Two Resolutions were agreed to -- they would form the basis of Canada 's government .
 the Seventy-Two Resolutions   were agreed  

 As a program became properly debugged most of the exception handling could be removed or disabled : this level of control became less important when conversational execution became commonplace .
 a program   properly debugged  

 When the first pubs were built , the main room was the public room with a large serving bar copied from the gin houses , the idea being to serve the maximum number of people in the shortest possible time .
 the first pubs   were built  

 Pythagoras is said to have died in Metapontum .
 Pythagoras   is said  

 Copies that had already been printed were sold with a large black sticker covering the actor 's image .
 Copies that had already been printed   were sold  

 The timing of the opening of the Drake Passage , between South America and the Antarctic Peninsula , is more disputed ; tectonic and sediment evidence show that Antarctic Circumpolar Current could have been open as early as pre 34 Ma , estimates of the opening of the Drake passage are between 20 and 40 Ma .
 The timing of the opening of the Drake Passage , between South America and the Antarctic Peninsula   disputed  

 New players have a K = 30 , which drops to K = 15 after 30 played games , and to K = 10 when the player reaches 2400 .
 New players   have  

 The buses were put into operation on 8 September , coinciding with the day of Macedonian independence .
 The buses   coinciding  

 In one interpretation , Proto-Semitic Semitic languages is assumed to have reached the Arabian Peninsula by approximately the 4th millennium BC , from which Semitic daughter languages continued to spread outwards .
 Semitic daughter languages   continued  

 Naturism can contain aspects of eroticism for some people , although many modern naturists and naturist organisations argue Naturism need not .
 Naturism   need not  

 In game theory , Strategy refers to the rules that a player uses to choose between the available actionable options .
 a player   to choose  

 For example , pruning a tree to a pyramid shape enables trees to be planted closer together .
 trees   to be planted closer together  

 In the biblical verse , , attributed to 450 BC , it is believed that Nehemiah , an official serving King Artaxerxes I of Persia , asked leave to travel to Judea ; the king granted leave and gave him a letter `` to the governors beyond the river '' requesting safe passage for him as he travelled through their lands .
 Nehemiah   leave  

 In response to the early-to-mid-17th century `` continental rationalism '' John Locke ( 1632 -- 1704 ) proposed in An Essay Concerning Human Understanding ( 1689 ) a very influential view wherein the only knowledge humans can have is a posteriori , i.e. , based upon experience .
 Human Understanding ( 1689 ) a very influential view   is  

 A vessel 's draft is another obstacle to passage on the seaway , particularly in connecting waterways such as the St. Lawrence River .
 another obstacle   to passage  

 A string s is compressible by a number c if Kolmogorov complexity has a description whose length does not exceed .
 a description   does not exceed  

 Two theological essays on Original Sin sent to a theologian at Pierre Teilhard de Chardin request on a purely personal basis were wrongly understood .
 Two theological essays on Original Sin   were wrongly understood  

 A slow crescendo of bouzouki music plays in the background ( for which Cleese initially expresses appreciation , being `` one who delights in all manifestations of the Terpsichorean Muse '' ) , but as the sketch progresses Cheese Shop sketch mirrors Cleese 's growing frustration until he loudly demands the music cease .
 the sketch   progresses  

 Recycling is more efficient in densely populated areas , as there are economies of scale involved .
 economies of scale   involved  

 This did not escape the attention of Microsoft , which viewed the commoditization of operating systems as a direct threat to Netscape bottom line , i.e. a move from Windows to another operating system would yield a similar browsing experience thus reducing barriers to change .
 barriers   to change  

 The cost of collecting the tax rose steeply while the returns from Tax per head fell .
 the returns from Tax per head   fell  

 Because Natalie Wood was a minor , Wood 's formal education took place on the studio lots wherever Natalie Wood was contracted .
 Natalie Wood   was contracted  

 The priorities for each region are created based on human and environmental threats and the Marine Bioregional Plans are drafted to address these priorities .
 The priorities for each region   are created  

 In the early 1990s this led Stephen Jay Gould into a debate with Derek Briggs , who had begun to apply quantitative cladistic techniques to the Burgess Shale fossils , about the methods to be used in interpreting these fossils .
 the methods   to be used  

 This being given , Henry declared John Fisher satisfied , leaving it to the Commons to declare that the explanation was inadequate , so that John Fisher appeared as a magnanimous sovereign , instead of Fisher 's enemy .
 This   being given  

 The WOBC News Corps , a news division of WOBC-FM created in February 2010 , produces local news segments that air bi-hourly .
 local news segments   air bi-hourly  

 Rational primes ( i.e. prime elements in Z ) of the form 4k + 3 are Gaussian primes , whereas rational primes of the form 4k + 1 are not .
 4k + 1   are not  

 The struggle for power continued with Queen Fredegund of Neustria ( the widow of King Chilperic I ( reigned 566-584 ) and the mother of the new king Clotaire II ( reigned 584-628 ) ) unleashing a bitter war .
 The struggle for power   continued  

 Gen. Judson Kilpatrick 's cavalry as it passed through Hanover and scattered it on June 30 ; the Battle of Hanover ended after Kilpatrick 's men regrouped and drove the Confederates out of town .
 Kilpatrick 's men   regrouped  

 Fahrenheit visited Ole Rømer in 1708 and improved on the Rømer scale , the result being the familiar Fahrenheit temperature scale still in use today in a few countries .
 Fahrenheit   improved  

 Supporting a distinct G-Spot is a study by Rutgers University , published 2011 , which was the first to map the female genitals onto the sensory portion of the brain ; brain scans showed that the brain registered distinct feelings between stimulating the clitoris , the cervix and the vaginal wall -- where the G-Spot is reported to be -- when several women stimulated themselves in a functional magnetic resonance ( fMRI ) machine .
 the G-Spot   to be  

 Their U.S. hit singles include `` Sunshine of Your Love '' ( Cream 's farewell album , Goodbye , featuring live performances recorded at The Forum , Los Angeles , 1968 , was released shortly after Cream disbanded ; it also featured the studio single `` Badge '' , co-written by Eric Clapton and George Harrison .
 Their U.S.   hit  

 Though classification at the family level is a bit unstable , about 500 families and subfamilies are recognized .
 about 500 families and subfamilies   are recognized  

 Some of the book 's `` moments '' ( as well as incidents loosely based upon Burroughs ' life ) are presented in this manner within the film .
 incidents   loosely based  

 This national park is the first major global park to have no separate warden and protection staff -- all of National park management being done through existing local authorities , allowing a lower cost basis and a larger geographical coverage ( in 1989 when created , National park was the largest protected area in Asia ) .
 all of National park management   being done  

 The poor knights were impoverished military veterans , required to pray daily for the Knights Companion .
 impoverished military veterans   required  

 The 1876 Constitution of Texas ( article VI , section 1 ) stated that `` The following classes of persons shall not be allowed to vote in this State , to wit : Fifth -- All soldiers , marines and seamen , employed in the service of the army or navy of the United States '' .
 The following classes of persons   shall not be allowed  

 Lord Percival Graves , the current heir to the throne under the Stuart line of succession , tries to have King Ralph deposed so he can take his place .
 King Ralph   deposed  

 One of Eva Marie Saint 's lines in the dining car seduction scene was redubbed .
 One of Eva Marie Saint 's lines in the dining car seduction scene   was redubbed  

 Spenser (character) seems to agree with William Faulkner 's assessment of scotch -- `` that brown liquor which not women , not boys and children , but only hunters drank '' .
 only hunters   drank  

 Where the written sources fail , through accidents of history , sometimes the continuity of a mythic tradition can be found among the vase-painters .
 the written sources   fail  

 Mary Cassatt also made several portraits of family members during that period , of which Portrait of Alexander Cassatt and His Son Robert Kelso ( 1885 ) is one of Mary Cassatt best regarded .
 one of Mary Cassatt   best regarded  

 It is also common to hear Newfoundland English in Yellowknife , Southern Alberta and Fort McMurray , Alberta , places to which many Newfoundlanders have moved or commute regularly for employment .
 many Newfoundlanders   have moved  

 Failing to secure the support of either the Seljuk Turks or Nikephoros Melissenos ( both parties being Nikephoros III Botaneiates traditional enemies ) , Nikephoros III was forced to abdicate in favour of the Komnenos dynasty , to which Nikephoros III Botaneiates was connected through the engagement of Nikephoros III Botaneiates grandson to the daughter of Alexios 's older brother Manuel .
 Nikephoros III Botaneiates   was connected  

 It is known that the `` Fianna '' tales and the like were known , with the Manx ballad Fin as Oshin commemorating Finn MacCool and Ossian .
 the `` Fianna '' tales and the like   were known  

 This yields Therefore , the expression above is not only an approximation , but also an upper bound of p ( n ) .
 This   yields Therefore  

 This , combined with their low nominal capacities and their essentially proprietary nature , led to the format being discontinued shortly after the CPC Amstrad CPC was discontinued .
 the CPC Amstrad CPC   was discontinued  

 However , as William Bright noted the word `` chocolatl '' does not occur in central Mexican colonial sources , making this an unlikely derivation .
 William Bright   noted  

 John Diefenbaker is an election they believed would be won by the Liberals regardless of who led the Tories .
 an election   would be won  

 The work , which depicts the Virgin Mary being taught to read , will be restored by conservators at Yale .
 the Virgin Mary   being taught  

 In this analysis , the original syntax of creoles is in some sense the default grammar humans are born with .
 the default grammar humans   are born  

 When Servetus mentioned that John Calvin would come to Geneva if Calvin agreed , Calvin wrote a letter to Farel on 13 February 1546 noting that if Servetus were to come , John Calvin would not assure John Calvin safe conduct : `` for if John Calvin came , as far as John Calvin authority goes , John Calvin would not let John Calvin leave alive '' .
 Calvin   agreed  

 The way this plays out is that after supply shock occurs , the economy will first try to maintain momentum -- that is , consumers and businesses will begin paying higher prices in order to maintain their level of demand .
 this   plays out  

 Though usually prepared in ovens , the original and historic preparation involved cooking in the ground .
 the original and historic preparation   involved  

 A landing in Lake Oswego, Oregon present-day George Rogers Park is thought to have been developed by Durham around 1850 for lumber transport ; another landing was near the Tryon Creek outlet into the Willamette .
 Oregon present-day George Rogers Park   is thought  

 The Crewe railway works , built in 1840 , employed 20,000 people at Cheshire peak , although the workforce is now less than 1,000 .
 The Crewe railway   works  

 Similarly , smoking has been shown to follow distinct circadian patterns during the waking day -- with the high point usually occurring shortly after waking in the morning , and shortly before going to sleep at night .
 smoking   has been shown  

 Marc Bloch argued that the anti-feudal sentiment of French peasants expressed in the 1789 cahier de doléances ( list of grievances ) was linked to the `` seigneurial reaction '' of the late 18th century in which lords significantly increased feudal dues .
 French peasants   expressed  

 In 1985 Pip Cordrey gathered some people on a BBS he ran to create a MUD1 clone that would run on a home computer .
 a MUD1 clone   would run  

 Jack Lemmon often appeared in films partnered with actor Walter Matthau .
 films   partnered  

 The most successful explanations , which explain and make accurate predictions in a wide range of circumstances , are called scientific theories .
 The most successful explanations   explain  

 In Jack Kerouac book Light Jack Kerouac Fire : Jack Kerouac Life with The Doors , Ray Manzarek ( keyboard player of The Doors ) wrote `` Jack Kerouac suppose if Jack Kerouac had never written On the Road , The Doors would never have existed '' .
 The Doors   would never have existed  

 Having lids also prevents the sand in outdoor sandpits from getting wet when Sandpit rains , although some dampness is often desirable as Sandpit helps the sand hold together .
 the sand   hold together  

 It is argued that one was to be born and rise within the dispensation of Muhammad , who by virtue of his similarity and affinity with Jesus , and the similarity in nature , temperament and disposition of the people of Jesus ' time and the people of the time of the promised one ( the Mahdi ) is called by the same name .
 one   to be born  

 Space consists of a number of points of space determined from eternity , and time of exactly such a number of moments , and the number of these is known only to the divine spirit .
 the number of these   is known  

 The Standard Model has been found to agree with almost all the experimental tests conducted to date .
 The Standard Model   has been found  

 Greek has a second word for Papyrus , βύβλος ( bublos , said to derive from the name of the Phoenician city of Byblos ) .
 Greek has a second word for Papyrus   said  

 A few cases of maternal-fetal transmission ( a baby acquires leukemia because Leukemia mother had leukemia during the pregnancy ) have been reported .
 A few cases of maternal-fetal transmission ( a baby acquires leukemia   have been reported  

 One carries charge and the other does not ; proton 's mass is only 0.1 % less than neutron 's .
 the other   does not  

 The question is raised : was the state of the system a superposition of `` dead cat/sad friend '' and `` live cat/happy friend , '' only determined when Wigner learned the result of the experiment , or was Wigner's friend determined at some previous point ?
 The question   is raised  

 The first verse of the song , however , is usually the only verse to be sung or played at official functions .
 the only verse   to be sung  

 In independent assortment , the chromosomes that result are randomly sorted from all possible combinations of maternal and paternal chromosomes .
 the chromosomes   result  

 Because Lynx (web browser) does not support graphics , web bugs that track user information are not fetched ; therefore , web pages can be read without the privacy concerns of graphic web browsers .
 web pages   can be read  

 Andrew Wiles stopped by Andrew Wiles local library where Andrew Wiles found a book about the theorem .
 Andrew Wiles   stopped  

 Jane Sullivan in the Sydney Morning Herald agrees , stating that the book `` still rouses fresh and horrified indignation '' as To Kill a Mockingbird examines morality , a topic that has recently become unfashionable .
 Jane Sullivan in the Sydney Morning Herald   agrees  

 What the Glorious Revolution had meant was important to Burke and Edmund Burke contemporaries , as it had been for the last one hundred years in British politics .
 the Glorious Revolution   had meant  

 Therefore , these numerical values ( such as 299,792,458 for the constant speed of light c expressed in units of meters per second ) are not values that a theory of physics can be expected to predict .
 a theory of physics   to predict  

 Alstom attempted legal action to prevent Eurostar from acquiring German-built trains , claiming that the Siemens sets ordered would breach Channel Tunnel safety rules , but this was thrown out of court .
 the Siemens   ordered  

 Since iron nuclei are more tightly bound than any heavier nuclei , any fusion beyond iron does not produce a net release of energy -- the process would , on the contrary , consume energy .
 iron nuclei   are more tightly bound  

 This , Brown says , was typical of Russian creativity , which functioned with a mindset of stasis and repetition rather than the one of progress and ongoing development that dominated Western creative thought .
 Russian creativity   functioned  

 Joseph Lister, 1st Baron Lister first suspected it would prove an adequate disinfectant because it was used to ease the stench from fields irrigated with sewage waste .
 fields   irrigated  

 A player is said to be drawing dead when the hand he hopes to complete will nonetheless lose to a player who already has a better one .
 A player   is said  

 The sign of Triangle is an overall indicator of the direction of traversal , with negative area indicating counterclockwise traversal .
 negative area   indicating counterclockwise traversal  

 In an act of defiance , Yan ` er remains kneeling in the snow throughout the night until she collapses .
 she   collapses  

 When evening arrives , Orangutan begin to prepare their nests for the night .
 evening   arrives  

 Using a sketch created with the assistance of Eldon Elliot , owner of the agency , the agents were able to implicate McVeigh in Oklahoma City bombing .
 a sketch   created  

 The third voice , a girl who is pregnant and leaves her baby , mentions `` the great swan , with Leda and the Swan terrible look , / Coming at me , '' insinuating that the girl was raped .
 a girl who is pregnant and leaves her baby   Coming  

 Nevertheless , Macdonald 's scheme was adopted , with Canada East support assured by allowing Quebec City to serve a three-year term as the seat of government before the Assembly moved to the permanent capital .
 Macdonald 's scheme   was adopted  

 These decay within a relatively short distance ( meters ) into muons ( their preferred decay product ) , and neutrinos ( which must necessarily be of the muon type , whenever muons are produced ; this is discussed below ) .
 this   is discussed below  

 The convention that EM radiation that is known to come from the nucleus , is always called `` gamma ray '' radiation is the only convention that is universally respected , however .
 EM radiation   is known  

 In 1495 , with Bishop Henry 's consent and a stipend , Desiderius Erasmus went on to study at the University of Paris , in the Collège de Montaigu , a centre of reforming zeal , under the direction of the ascetic Jan Standonck , of whose rigors Erasmus complained .
 Erasmus   complained  

 Lacking means since Julius Caesar inheritance was confiscated , Julius Caesar acquired a modest house in Subura , a lower-class neighborhood of Rome .
 Julius Caesar inheritance   was confiscated  

 The Aramaic word for `` God '' in the language of Assyrian Christians is , or Alaha .
 The Aramaic word for `` God '' in the language of Assyrian Christians   is  

 An autumn 2004 caution from the Committee on Safety of Medicines , the UK agency dealing with drug safety , advised patients taking warfarin not to drink Cranberry after adverse effects ( such as increased incidence of bruising ) were reported , possibly resulting from the presence of salicylic acid native to polyphenol-rich plants such as Cranberry .
 adverse effects ( such as increased incidence of bruising   were reported  

 Article 86 of Hong Kong 's Basic Law , which came into force on 1 July 1997 following the handover of Hong Kong from Britain to China provides : `` The principle of trial by jury previously practised in Hong Kong shall be maintained '' .
 The principle of trial by jury   shall be maintained  

 Higher ordination , conferring the status of a full Bhikkhu , is given only to men who are aged 20 or older .
 men   are aged  

 The Reason for Antisemitism , and radio commentator , has published an on-going 19-part series explaining and promoting the concept of Judeo-Christian culture , running for three years from 2005 to 2008 , reflecting the interest of this concept to his listeners .
 an on-going 19-part series   explaining  

 These scenes show the maenads in Maenad frenzy running in the forests , often tearing to pieces any animal Maenad happen to come across .
 any animal Maenad   happen  

 As Christophe Pallier noted , `` Before the child begins to speak and to perceive , the uncommitted cortex is a blank slate on which nothing has been written .
 the child   to speak  

 When the apostles died , Apostolic succession were replaced by Apostolic succession writings .
 the apostles   died  

 For example , in 1962 , USAF Colonel B. Dean Smith was conducting a test of the Gemini space suit with a colleague in a pure oxygen chamber at Brooks Air Force Base in San Antonio , Texas , when a fire broke out , destroying the chamber .
 a fire   broke out  

 Game reserves have , however , been established in South Africa , British Central Africa , British East Africa , Somaliland , etc. , while measures for the protection of wild animals were laid down in an international convention signed in May 1900 .
 measures for the protection of wild animals   were laid down  

 Shell sort has `` natural '' behavior , in that Shell sort executes faster when the input is partially sorted .
 Shell sort has `` natural '' behavior   executes faster  

 According to Motorola 's errata , any chip with a mask set 2E71M or later does not contain the bug .
 a mask   set  

 The Niger River also is an important source of fish , providing food for riverside communities ; the surplus -- smoked , salted , and dried -- is exported .
 the surplus   smoked  

 William of Malmesbury says that Ealdred , by `` amusing the simplicity of King Edward and alleging the custom of Ealdred (bishop) predecessors , had acquired , more by bribery than by reason , the archbishopric of York while still holding Ealdred (bishop) former see '' .
 Ealdred   had acquired  

 If the opponent is on a flush draw ( 9/46 , approximately 19.565 percent or 4.11-to-1 odds against with one card to come ) , the pot is not offering adequate pot odds for the opponent to call unless the opponent thinks he can induce additional final round betting from Bob if the opponent completes his flush draw ( see Pot odds ) .
 adequate pot odds   to call  

 An attempt to secure cables to the main mast appears only to have resulted in Mary Rose being snapped off .
 Mary Rose   being snapped off  

 When the defenders closed the doors on the attackers , either Hippolyta was killed , Theseus directly killed Hippolyta in the fight , Hippolyta was accidentally killed by another Amazon , Molpadia , while fighting by Theseus ' side , or was accidentally killed by Hippolyta sister Penthesilea during this battle or in a separate incident .
 either Hippolyta   was killed  

 Martínez states that Borges had , for example , at least a superficial knowledge of set theory , which Jorge Luis Borges handles with elegance in stories such as `` The Book of Sand '' .
 Martínez   states  

 Tolkien was much inspired by early Germanic , especially Old English , literature , poetry , and mythology , which were J. R. R. Tolkien chosen and much-loved areas of expertise .
 J. R. R. Tolkien   chosen  

 Kuhn ( 1961 ) said the scientist generally has a theory in mind before designing and undertaking experiments so as to make empirical observations , and that the `` route from theory to measurement can almost never be traveled backward '' .
 the `` route from theory to measurement   can almost never be traveled backward  

 FIFA 's regulations now state that FIFA World Cup Trophy , unlike its predecessor , can not be won outright : the winners of the tournament receive a replica which is gold plated rather than solid gold .
 gold   plated  

 Gerbert was said to be one of the most noted scientists of Pope Sylvester II time .
 Gerbert   was said  

 This time stepping is repeated until the solution reaches the desired forecast time .
 This time   stepping  

 When AA was ported to the English Electric KDF9 computer , the character set was changed to ISO and that compiler has been recovered from an old paper tape by the Edinburgh Computer History Project and is available online , as is a high-quality scan of the original Edinburgh version of the Atlas Autocode manual .
 AA   was ported  

 The cryptographic security of Pretty Good Privacy depends on the assumption that the algorithms used are unbreakable by direct cryptanalysis with current equipment and techniques .
 the algorithms   used  

 With that the majority of the regions left of the Upper Weser became North Rhine-Westphalian .
 the regions   left  

 Didymus the Blind counted among Didymus the Blind pupils Palladius , Rufinus , Evagrius , and Jerome , who mentions in Didymus the Blind letters that Didymus the Blind `` wrote to Didymus calling Didymus the Blind Didymus the Blind master '' and defends this tutelage as one of a man `` both old and learned '' .
 a man `` both old   learned  

 They were met with silence , as the citizens of Rome had locked themselves inside their houses as soon as the rumor of what had taken place had begun to spread .
 the rumor of what had taken place   to spread  

 Some of the lithographs are of figures slightly draped ; two or three of the very finest are of Thames subjects -- including a `` nocturne '' at Limehouse ; while others depict the Faubourg Saint-Germain in Paris , and Georgian churches in Soho and Bloomsbury in London .
 figures   slightly draped  

 The following months reveal Samuel Pepys lapses to the reader ; by 17 February , it is recorded , `` Here Samuel Pepys drank wine upon necessity , being ill for the want of it '' .
 it   is recorded  

 Additionally , participants in a Polyamory relationship may not have , nor expect their partners to have , preconceptions as to the duration of Polyamory , in contrast to monogamous marriages where a lifelong union is generally the goal .
 their partners   to have  

 The illiterate defendant signed an abjuration document Joan of Arc did not understand under threat of immediate execution .
 Joan of Arc   did not understand  

 When Swann agrees , Tony explains his plan .
 Swann   agrees  

 The land Autonous lived in produced no crops , but only rushes and thistles , that 's why all the children of Autonous were named after such plants .
 The land Autonous   only rushes  

 Once no references to an object remain , the unreachable memory becomes eligible to be freed automatically by the garbage collector .
 no references to an object   remain  

 While studies , as early as 1988 ( Williams , et al. , 1988 ) have shown that climate change will affect agriculture , whether the effects can be mitigated through adaptations of cultivars , or crops , is less clear .
 the effects   can be mitigated  

 Notre Dame d'Afrique , a church built ( 1858 -- 1872 ) in a mixture of the Roman and Byzantine styles , is conspicuously situated overlooking the sea , on the shoulder of the Bouzareah hills , to the north of the city .
 a church   built  

 Mack 's approach is skeptical , and Burton L. Mack sees traditional Christian documents like the Gospels as myth as opposed to history ( here , `` myth '' is not meant to imply `` falsehood '' or `` lie '' but `` in the sense of narratives that reflect and advance specific ways of representing the world and , along with it , one 's place in it '' ) .
 narratives   reflect  

 When all lives have been lost , Pac-Man ends .
 all lives   have been lost  

 Although Derbyshire is in the East Midlands , some parts , such as High Peak ( which incorporated former areas of Cheshire after boundary changes in 1974 ) , are closer to the northern cities of Manchester and Sheffield and these parts do receive services which are more affiliated with northern England ; for example , the North West Ambulance Service , Granada Television and United Utilities serve the High Peak and some NHS Trusts within this region are governed by the Greater Manchester Health Authority .
 the North West Ambulance Service , Granada Television and United Utilities   serve  

 In 2008 , the government announced that Economy of Malaysia has spent RM40 .1 billion in 2007 in subsidies to keep prices leveled .
 prices   leveled  

 Since Richard 's brother George , Duke of Clarence , had been executed and attainted , his descendants forfeited all rights to the throne , leaving Richard the true heir .
 Richard 's brother   had been executed  

 Assuming genetic drift is the only evolutionary force acting on an allele , after t generations in many replicated populations , starting with allele frequencies of p and q , the variance in allele frequency across those populations is Assuming genetic drift is the only evolutionary force acting on an allele , at any given time the probability that an allele will eventually become fixed in the population is simply Genetic drift frequency in the population at that time .
 an allele   fixed  

 The Ptolemies were much interested in the work of the ancient Egyptians , and many of the Egyptian monuments , including the pyramids , were restored by them ( although Egyptology built many new temples in the Egyptian style ) .
 many of the Egyptian monuments , including the pyramids   were restored  

 Once the parent MCS dies , later thunderstorm development can occur in connection with Thunderstorm remnant mesoscale convective vortex ( MCV ) .
 the parent MCS   dies  

 To indicate long vowels , the nosinė diacritic ( `` little-nose diacritic '' ; caudata , `` tailed '' , in Latin ) is added under the letters ą , į , and ų in many instances , which is a historical relic of a time when these vowels were nasalized , and at an even earlier time constituted diphthongs with a - component ( now occurring only in South Aukštaitijan dialects ) .
 caudata   tailed  

 However , Mitochondrion has to be noted that aging non-mutant mice do not seem to accumulate a great number of mutations in mitochondrial DNA imposing a cloud of doubt on the involvement of mitochondrial DNA mutations in `` natural '' aging .
 aging non-mutant mice   do not seem  

 Caesar 's body was cremated , and on the site of Julius Caesar cremation the Temple of Caesar was erected a few years later ( at the east side of the main square of the Roman Forum ) .
 Caesar 's body   was cremated  

 Subsequent review of the material determined that the AEC had overreacted .
 the AEC   had overreacted  

 The Australian oil firm , for Economy of Somalia part , indicated that Economy of Somalia looked forward to establishing a mutually beneficial and profitable working relationship with the region 's new government .
 Economy of Somalia   looked forward  

 The molecule was found around the protostellar binary IRAS 16293-2422 , which is located 400 light years from Earth .
 IRAS 16293-2422   is located  

 According to the introduction , all the poems in the collection were meant to be sung , but Oxford 's were almost the only genuine love songs in the collection .
 all the poems in the collection   were meant  

 The Jolof Empire was founded by a voluntary confederacy of States ; History of Senegal was not an empire built on military conquest in spite of what the word `` empire '' implies .
 the word `` empire   implies  

 For example , consider the `` withdrawal reflex '' causing the hand to jerk back after a hot stove is touched .
 a hot stove   is touched  

 Often Triangle are constructed by finding three lines associated in a symmetrical way with the three sides ( or vertices ) and then proving that the three lines meet in a single point : an important tool for proving the existence of these is Ceva 's theorem , which gives a criterion for determining when three such lines are concurrent .
 three lines   associated  

 At the day for the rising in the south-west a large number of Tory gentry turned up for `` a race meeting '' at Bath , but on receiving a letter from their leader ( who was in hiding ) saying that all was lost , they went home .
 all   was lost  

 Through the medium of Scott 's novels , the violent religious and political conflicts of the country 's recent past could be seen as belonging to history -- which Walter Scott defined , as the subtitle of Waverley ( '' 'T is Sixty Years Since '' ) indicates , as something that happened at least 60 years ago .
 the subtitle of Waverley ( '' 'T is Sixty Years   indicates  

 A sizeable bus infrastructure which is part of the London Buses network operates from a main hub at West Croydon station .
 A sizeable bus infrastructure which is part of the London Buses network   operates  

 In the video , many future 9/11 hijackers swear to become martyrs , although no details of the plot are revealed .
 no details of the plot   are revealed  

 Only one out of four experts consulted ( Burchard Kranich ) believed the ore to be gold-bearing , and Martin Frobisher admitted Martin Frobisher `` knew how to flatter nature '' .
 four experts   consulted  

 In January 1973 , The Who 's Pete Townshend organised a comeback concert for Clapton at London 's Rainbow Theatre , aptly titled the `` Rainbow Concert '' , to help Clapton kick Eric Clapton addiction .
 January 1973   's  

 In this procedure , 5 -- 10 mm diameter instruments ( graspers , scissors , clip applier ) can be introduced by the surgeon into the abdomen through trocars ( hollow tubes with a seal to keep the CO2 from leaking ) .
 the CO2   from leaking  

 Teriparatide ( a recombinant parathyroid hormone ) has been shown to be effective in treatment of women with postmenopausal osteoporosis .
 Teriparatide   has been shown  

 Thus a ruler that is one meter long in one frame of reference will not be one meter long in a reference frame that is travelling at a velocity relative to the first frame .
 a reference frame   is travelling  

 Three more were executed : American Daniel Gearhart was sentenced to death for advertising himself as a mercenary in an American newspaper ; Andrew McKenzie and Costas Georgiou ( the self-styled `` Colonel Callan '' ) , who had both served in the British army , were sentenced to death for murder .
 Three more   were executed  

 The Queen Elizabeth Oak on the grounds of the estate is said to be the location where Elizabeth was told she was Queen following Mary 's death , but is considered unlikely as Mary died in November .
 The Queen Elizabeth Oak on the grounds of the estate   is said  

 Scientific instruments included : The electrical power for the instruments and the radio transmitter of Mariner Mariner 4 was supplied by 28,224 solar cells contained in the four 176 x 90 cm solar panels , which could provide 310 watts at the distance of Mars .
 Scientific instruments   included  

 Epode consisted of a verse of iambic trimeter , followed by a verse of iambic dimeter , and it is reported that , although the epode was carried to Epode highest perfection by Stesichorus , an earlier poet , Archilochus , was really the inventor of this form .
 a verse of iambic trimeter   followed  

 In practice , the heating required to remove trace water from the books before reaction ( DEZ reacts violently with water ) caused an accelerated degradation of Mass deacidification , and a range of other chemical reactions between DEZ and other components of the book ( glues , bindings ) caused further damage and the production of unpleasant smells .
 the heating   required  

 For example , if all voters are rational and cast a strategically optimal vote based on a common knowledge of how all the other voters vote except for small-probability , statistically independent errors in recording the votes , then the winner will be the Condorcet winner , if one exists .
 one   exists  

 The International Organization for Septuagint and Cognate Studies ( IOSCS ) , a nonprofit , learned society formed to promote international research in and study of Septuagint and related texts , has established February 8 annually as International Septuagint Day , a day to promote the discipline on campuses and in communities .
 a nonprofit , learned society   formed  

 While between-race inequality is slowly falling , an increase in intra-race inequality is preventing the aggregate measures from declining .
 the aggregate measures   from declining  

 The second thus defined is consistent with Second , which was based on astronomical measurements .
 The second   defined  

 Metal , therefore , is by nature either solid , as I have stated , or fluid , as in the unique case of quicksilver .
 I   have stated  

 Though Stephen Jay Gould `` had been brought up by a Marxist father '' , Stephen Jay Gould stated that Stephen Jay Gould father 's politics were `` very different '' from Stephen Jay Gould own .
 stated   Stephen Jay Gould  

 Motorola 6800 had a minimum clock rate of 100 kHz while the 8080 could be halted .
 the 8080   could be halted  

 A standard series of rates is based on multiples of the rates for electromechanical teleprinters ; some serial ports allow many arbitrary rates to be selected .
 many arbitrary rates   to be selected  

 However , some games , such as the Halo series , ( except for Halo PC and Custom Edition , which allow AI and custom objects and characters ) , allow filming only through puppetry .
 AI and custom objects and characters   allow filming  

 Clubs often organise the bulk purchase of clothing , which are then made in the club colours with the club 's name prominently displayed .
 the bulk purchase of clothing , which are then made in the club colours with the club 's name   prominently displayed  

 This was viewed as a motive for Bothwell to have Darnley murdered , with help from some of the nobility and seemingly with royal approval .
 Darnley   murdered  

 Canine distemper virus ( CDV ) is known to cause apoptosis in central nervous system and lymphoid tissue of infected dogs in vivo and in vitro .
 Canine distemper virus   is known  

 The name `` Sepedi '' thus refers specifically to the language of the Pedi people , while `` Northern Sotho '' refers to the official language of that name and to all the speech varieties Northern Sotho language has been taken to cover .
 Northern Sotho language   to cover  

 For example , to compute the elapsed time in seconds between two given UTC past dates requires consulting a table of Leap second , which needs to be updated whenever a new leap second is announced .
 a new leap   second is announced  

 This reform began with a 50 % devaluation of Senegal 's currency , the CFA franc , which was linked at a fixed rate to the French franc .
 the CFA franc   was linked  

 Typically , a lens is used to focus the light reflected or emitted from objects into a real image on the light-sensitive surface inside a camera during a timed exposure .
 a lens   to focus  

 The introduction to the whole work , treating of the value of philosophy and of philosophical sects , is lost , with the exception of the concluding portion ; the second book is little more than a fragment , and the third and fourth have been amalgamated by altering the original sections .
 the third and fourth   have been amalgamated  

 Walter Scott , along with Walter Scott `` production team '' , mounted what in modern days could be termed a PR event , in which the ( rather tubby ) King was dressed in tartan ( worn over pink tights ) , and was greeted by Walter Scott people , many of whom were also dressed in similar tartan ceremonial dress .
 Walter Scott   mounted  

 The year in the table below indicates the year the book was published .
 the book   was published  

 At the 2010 Love Parade in Duisburg , the number of people attending allegedly reached 1.4 million -- the original expectation was around 800,000 -- whereas police believed around 400,000 people were present .
 people   attending  

 In this case , the actual counting of time ( verbally ) begins once the player falls below a certain threshold of time , such as 10 minutes ; when the time is being counted , the player is informed at intervals how much time Byoyomi have used in their current period , and how many extra periods Byoyomi have left .
 the time   is being counted  

 But for Englishmen Joseph Conrad capacities are just sufficient : they enable Joseph Conrad to earn Joseph Conrad living '' .
 Joseph Conrad   living  

 Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky is further heartened by news of the first public performance of one of his works , his Characteristic Dances , conducted by Johann Strauss II at a concert in Pavlovsk Park on 11 September 1865 ( Tchaikovsky later included this work , retitled , Dances of the Hay Maidens , in his opera The Voyevoda ) .
 his Characteristic Dances   retitled  

 After the hatches were sealed , the air in the cabin was replaced with high-pressure ( 16.7 psia ) pure oxygen .
 the hatches   were sealed  

 The concept of a county town eventually became detached from County town original meaning of where the county administration or county hall is based .
 The concept of a county town   detached  

 A month later , Decca turned down the group , about which Best was not informed .
 Best   was not informed  

 The birth of a male child was expected to give France its king .
 The birth of a male child   was expected  

 If the islands of the State of Hawaii did not exist , the average annual rainfall on the same patch of water would be about 25 in .
 the islands of the State of Hawaii   did not exist  

 The results of the trial upon children have shown that a high dosage intake of ascorbic acid is safe but the efficacy endpoints expected were not met .
 the efficacy endpoints   expected  

 She agreed to allow the pregnancy to continue on condition that John Lennon adopt the role of househusband ; this he agreed to do .
 this   to do  

 This contrast is inherited from Old Irish , which shows such pairs as ( '' ( s ) he carries '' ) vs. ( '' ( s ) he does not carry '' ) , and is found in Scottish Gaelic as well , e.g. ( `` will take '' ) vs. ( `` will not take '' ) .
 he   does not carry  

 Although Robert E. Lee 's Army of Northern Virginia had surrendered four days earlier , Booth believed the American Civil War was not yet over because Confederate General Joseph E. Johnston 's army was still fighting the Union Army .
 Robert E. Lee 's Army of Northern Virginia   had surrendered  

 He would have reached the great mass of people who have but a faint recollection of the horrors of war , and would have showed them the pain and the suffering and the sorrow that war brings with Civilization (film) .
 people   have  

 Prior to the Roman Empire the kingdom of Macedonia , under Alexander the Great , became an empire that spanned from Greece to Northwestern India .
 an empire   spanned  

 John Adams (composer) worked with a group of Conservatory string players , at times composing as they rehearsed .
 they   rehearsed  

 In 1914 , the historian George Lincoln Burr sided with Upham in a note on Thomas Brattle 's letter , `` The strange suggestion of W. F. Poole that Brattle here means Cotton Mather Cotton Mather , is adequately answered by Upham ... '' Burr also reprinted Calef in full and dug deep into the historical record for information on the man and concludes '' ... that Cotton Mather had else any grievance against the Mathers or their colleagues there is no reason to think '' .
 Brattle   here means  

 This was the right call as IBM 's new MCA was praised but failed to supplant the AT Bus .
 IBM 's new MCA   was praised  

 If water pressure at the bottom of a vase were greater than Pressure at the bottom of a neighboring vase , Pressure would force water sideways and then up the narrower vase to a higher level until the pressures at the bottom were equalized .
 the pressures at the bottom   were equalized  

 As time went on and popularity grew , small restaurants , called Hoagie shops and Sub shops , that specialized in Submarine sandwich began to open .
 popularity   grew  

 The alternate cubic names given are based on this ordering .
 The alternate cubic names   given  

 The spaces between the columns of the opisthodomus and the peristyle were walled up though a number of doorways still permitted access .
 The spaces between the columns of the opisthodomus and the peristyle   were walled up  

 A practical difference between dynamic and positive displacement pumps is how Pump operate under closed valve conditions .
 Pump   operate  

 This is because many Precambrian rocks are heavily metamorphosed , obscuring Precambrian origins , while others have either been destroyed by erosion , or remain deeply buried beneath Phanerozoic strata .
 many Precambrian rocks   are heavily metamorphosed  

 New instructions were added to retrieve the results from this unit back to the register file ; these result-retrieving instructions were interlocked .
 these result-retrieving instructions   were interlocked  

 Congress asked John Hanson to remain in office until November , when a new session of Congress was scheduled to begin .
 a new session of Congress   to begin  

 Military tension between the two countries in the Kargil district led to the Kargil War of 1999 , after which General Pervez Musharraf took over through a bloodless coup d'état and assumed vast executive powers .
 General Pervez Musharraf   took over  

 Nouns are inflected for number ( the plural being formed in a variety of ways , most commonly by addition of the suffix - yn ) , but usually there is no inflection for case , except in a minority of nouns that have a distinct genitive singular form , which is formed in various ways ( most common is the addition of the suffix - ey to feminine nouns ) .
 a distinct genitive singular form   is formed  

 For most practical purposes , the volume of a sphere inscribed in a cube can be approximated as 52.4 % of the volume of the cube , since .
 a sphere   inscribed  

 If this happens , the red allele has been lost permanently in Genetic drift , while the remaining blue allele has become fixed : all future generations are entirely blue .
 this   happens  

 From this doctrine arose the Epicurean epitaph : Non fui , fui , non sum , non curo ( Epicurus was not ; Epicurus was ; Epicurus am not ; Epicurus do not care ) -- which is inscribed on the gravestones of Epicurus followers and seen on many ancient gravestones of the Roman Empire .
 Epicurus   am not  

 On April 27 , 2007 , Voight spoke about criticism of George W. Bush in an interview with Bill O'Reilly on The O'Reilly Factor : `` And they -- what Jon Voight hear , you know , talking about our president .
 Jon Voight   hear  

 Although Wilhelm Marr had introduced the pseudo-scientific racial component into the debate over Jews in Germany , it is unlikely that Wilhelm Marr was influenced by the earlier theories of Arthur de Gobineau ( author of An Essay on the Inequality of Human Races , 1853 ) , who was only translated into German in 1898 , a quarter of a century after Marr 's pamphlet appeared .
 Marr 's pamphlet   appeared  

 However , El Cid relatives were not major court officials ; documents show that El Cid 's paternal grandfather , Lain , confirmed only five documents of Ferdinand El Cid 's , El Cid maternal grandfather , Rodrigo Alvarez , certified only two of Sancho II 's , and El Cid 's own father confirmed only one .
 Ferdinand El Cid 's , El Cid maternal grandfather   certified  

 Though many artefacts , especially those that were buried in silt , had been preserved , the long exposure to an underwater environment had rendered most of them sensitive to exposure to air after recovery .
 many artefacts   had been preserved  

 Intel hired marketing firm Lexicon Branding , which had come up with the name `` Pentium '' , to devise a name for the new product .
 marketing firm Lexicon Branding   had come up  

 `` Stephen Jay Gould had no idea there were such things -- Stephen Jay Gould was awestruck , '' Gould once recalled .
 such things   was awestruck  

 The arid environment which ranges from the northern areas of rain-fed agriculture to the south where irrigation of agriculture is essential if a surplus energy returned on energy invested ( EROEI ) is to be obtained .
 energy   invested  

 Another important issue is that Miller asks for an interpretation of what the `` average '' person finds offensive , rather than what the more sensitive persons in the community are offended by , as obscenity was defined by Miller test , the Hicklin test , stemming from the English precedent .
 the more sensitive persons in the community   are offended  

 As Mariner program progressed , the name was later changed to Voyager , as the probe designs began to differ greatly from previous Mariner missions .
 Mariner program   progressed  

 As of 2011 , the Juventus ' shares are distributed between 60 % to Exor S.p.A , the Agnelli family 's holding ( a company of the Giovanni Agnelli & C.S.a.p.a Group ) , 7.5 % to Libyan Arab Foreign Investment Co. and 32.5 % to other shareholders .
 the Agnelli family 's   holding  

 Ovid and Hyginus both also make the metamorphosis the origin of the etymology for '' , '' the seven days in winter when storms never occur .
 storms   never occur  

 Parallel ATA is ATA devices , due to already having two hard drives installed .
 two hard drives   installed  

 This is despite the fact the Virginia law criminalizes abortions for accidental D & X procedures , as well as intentional D & X .
 This   is  

 During the first half of 2000 , U.S. exports totaled U.S. $ 5 billion , while U.S. imports from Malaysia reached U.S. $ 11.6 billion .
 U.S. imports from Malaysia   reached  

 For example , SLF radio waves at 60 Hz may be received and studied by astronomers , or may be ducted along wires as electric power , although the latter is , in the strict sense , not electromagnetic radiation at all ( see near and far field ) The distinction between X-rays and gamma rays is partly based on sources : the photons generated from nuclear decay or other nuclear and subnuclear/particle process , are always termed gamma rays , whereas X-rays are generated by electronic transitions involving highly energetic inner atomic electrons .
 the latter   is  

 Anaphylaxis to aspirin and NSAIDs occurs in about one in every 50,000 persons .
 Anaphylaxis   to aspirin  

 The town of Alope , in Thessaly , was believed to have derived Alope name from her , where , however , Philonides speaks of an Alope as a daughter of Actor .
 The town of Alope   was believed  

 The United States agreed to responsibility for funding the building of the pedestal , with about $ 300,000 being raised .
 about $ 300,000   being raised  

 A player who closes the betting round by calling or overcalling is entitled to greater freedom by doing so , since he does not face the threat of subsequent raises .
 A player   closes the betting round by calling  

 Chico spoke with a fake Italian accent , developed off-stage to deal with neighborhood toughs , while Zeppo adopted the role of the romantic ( and `` peerlessly cheesy '' , according to James Agee ) straight man .
 Chico   spoke  

 T-shirts emblazoned with Earnhardt 's face were quickly printed up , brandishing the caption , `` It Hurt So Good '' .
 T-shirts emblazoned with Earnhardt 's face   were quickly printed up  

 Jet stream is thought to be one of the reasons most of the Hawaii Islands have been resistant to the long list of Hawaii hurricanes that have approached .
 Jet stream   is thought  

 In some U.S. states , a program called RecycleBank pays people to recycle , receiving money from local municipalities for the reduction in landfill space which must be purchased .
 the reduction in landfill space   must be purchased  

 Many authors repeated explanations that attempted to solve the problem of the Moon appearing larger near the horizon than it does when higher up in the sky , a debate that is still unresolved .
 the Moon   appearing larger  

 Mississippi John Hurt was completely self-taught , stealthily playing the guitar of a friend of Mississippi John Hurt mother 's , who often stayed at the Hurt home while courting a lady who lived near by .
 a lady   lived near by  

 Polyethylene has , therefore , less strong intermolecular forces as the instantaneous-dipole induced-dipole attraction is less .
 Polyethylene   has  

 Although progress on the reactor design at Metallurgical Laboratory and DuPont was not sufficiently advanced to accurately predict the scope of Manhattan Project , a start was made in April 1943 on facilities for an estimated 25,000 workers , half of whom were expected to live on-site .
 an estimated 25,000 workers   to live  

 The `` old English '' mile of medieval and early modern times appears to have measured about 1.3 statute miles ( 1.9 km ) .
 The `` old English '' mile of medieval and early modern times   appears  

 RhostMUSH has a wide array of staff flags that differ in many ways from MUSH sister servers .
 staff flags   differ  

 The second incompleteness theorem states that no sufficiently strong , consistent , effective axiom system for arithmetic can prove Mathematical logic own consistency , which has been interpreted to show that Hilbert 's program can not be completed .
 Mathematical logic own consistency   has been interpreted  

 At Jewellery extent , some necks modified like this can reach 10-15 inches long .
 some necks   modified  

 Doctors Richard Warren and Sir George Baker believed Reynolds ' illness to be psychological and they bled Joshua Reynolds neck `` with a view of drawing the humour from Joshua Reynolds eyes '' but the effect , in the view of Joshua Reynolds niece , was that it seemed `` as if the ` principle of life ' were gone '' from Reynolds .
 the ` principle of life   were gone  

 The Tribunal is celebrated for establishing that `` crimes against international law are committed by men , not by abstract entities , and only by punishing individuals who commit such crimes can the provisions of international law be enforced .
 The Tribunal   is celebrated  

 While the use of paracetamol , aspirin , ibuprofen , naproxen and other NSAIDS concurrently with weak to mid-range opiates ( up to about the hydrocodone level ) has been said to show beneficial synergistic effects by combatting pain at multiple sites of action , several combination Analgesic products have been shown to have few efficacy benefits when compared to similar doses of their individual components .
 several combination Analgesic products   have been shown  

 However , a local Nazi representative insisted that the translation be further abridged before publication , so it was held back from the public until October 13 , 1933 , although excerpts were allowed to run in The Times in late July .
 excerpts   were allowed  

 Justin expounded on the gospel texts as an accurate recording of the fulfillment of prophecy , which Justin Martyr combined with quotations of the prophets of Israel from the LXX to demonstrate a proof from prophecy of the Christian kerygma .
 Justin Martyr   combined  

 Point of view shot ( also known as Point of view shot or Point of view shot ) is a short film scene that shows what a character ( the subject ) is looking at ( represented through the camera ) .
 a character   is looking  

 The obligation of `` maintenance '' requires the shipowner to provide a seaman with his basic living expenses while he is convalescing .
 he   is convalescing  

 The request for God 's kingdom to come is commonly interpreted at the most literal level : as a reference to the belief , common at the time , that a Messiah figure would bring about a kingdom of God .
 God 's kingdom   to come  

 Johannes Gutenberg also appears to have been a goldsmith member enrolled in the Strasbourg militia .
 Johannes Gutenberg   appears  

 Visitors are welcome to enjoy the gardens and picnic tables even when the House and Museum are closed .
 the House and Museum   are closed  

 The main border crossing between Macau and China is known as the Portas do Cerco ( Barrier Gate ) on the Macau side , and the Gongbei Port of Entry on the Zhuhai side .
 The main border crossing between Macau and China   is known  

 When Leo Marks abilities became evident , Leo Marks was referred to by Bletchley Park as `` the one that got away '' .
 the one   got away  

 The sparseness of the fossil record means that organisms are expected to exist long before and after Paleontology are found in the fossil record -- this is known as the Signor-Lipps effect .
 organisms   are expected  

 This effectively freed the way for Siemens to build the new Eurostar trains , the first of which is expected to enter service in late 2014 .
 the first of which   is expected  

 However , all Anglican bishops in Europe today can claim a line of succession through bishops who had only been ordained through the old rite .
 bishops   had only been ordained  

 Inside , the stainless steel scuff plate features a unique ' 20th Anniversary ' logo and limited edition number , premium ' 20th Anniversary ' branded floor mats , a body-coloured front dashboard , aluminium pedal set , and manual air-conditioning , leather steering wheel , gear knob and hand-brake ; MP3-compatible Radio/CD audio system with six speakers , steering wheel controls and an auxiliary ( AUX ) input jack for MP3 and iPod connection .
 a unique ' 20th Anniversary ' logo and limited edition number   branded  

 John White (colonist and artist) is known to have attended church in the parish of St. Martin Ludgate in London .
 John White   is known  

 Olympic Games are considered to be the world 's foremost sports competition with more than 200 nations participating .
 more than 200 nations   participating  

 In 1815-17 , Kaumualii led secret negotiations with representatives of the Russian-American Company in an attempt to gain Russia 's military support against Kamehameha ; however , the negotiations folded and the Russians were forced to abandon all of their presence in Kauai , including Fort Elizabeth , after it was revealed that they did not have the support of Tsar Alexander I .
 the negotiations   folded  

 From 1959 to 1992 , when the New Electoral Law as a part of the new Constitutional amendments was enacted , the Cuban people were not afforded the right to vote for the members of the legislative power .
 the New Electoral Law as a part of the new Constitutional amendments   was enacted  

 The Alfred jewel , discovered in Somerset in 1693 , has long been associated with King Alfred because of its Old English inscription `` AELFRED MEC HEHT GEWYRCAN '' ( Alfred ordered Alfred the Great to be made ) .
 Alfred   to be made  

 One worker has died since Mackinac Bridge was completed .
 Mackinac Bridge   was completed  

 In Eastern Christianity , where the title `` Pope '' is used also of the Bishop of Alexandria , Pope is often referred to as the `` Pope of Rome '' , regardless of whether the speaker or writer is in communion with Rome or not .
 the title   is used also  

 The walls of the canyon are a copper/green color which is where the name originates .
 the name   originates  

 The 1976 Tangshan earthquake , with a death toll estimated to be between 240,000 to 655,000 , is believed to be the largest earthquake of the 20th century by death toll .
 The 1976 Tangshan earthquake   is believed  

 Sonic Spinball was the next game developed .
 the next game   developed  

 The exact point of intersection of the Earth 's axis and the Earth 's surface , at any given moment , is called the `` instantaneous pole '' , but because of the `` wobble '' this can not be used as a definition of a fixed North Pole ( or South Pole ) when metre-scale precision is required .
 metre-scale precision   is required  

 Max Bernstein , a space scientist associated with SETI and Ames , argues the results should be interpreted with caution , noting that `` Panspermia would strain one 's credulity less to believe that terrestrial organisms had somehow been transported upwards than to assume that extraterrestrial organisms are falling inward '' .
 terrestrial organisms   had somehow been transported upwards  

 But Joseph Goebbels was not kept directly informed of military and diplomatic developments , relying on second-hand accounts to hear what Hitler was doing .
 Joseph Goebbels   was not kept  

 The men then took concubines from the Thracian mainland opposite , and the spurned women , angry at Aphrodite , killed all the male inhabitants while Jason slept .
 Jason   slept  

 The chapel suffered Sainte-Chapelle most grievous destruction in the late eighteenth century during the French Revolution , when the steeple and baldachin were removed , the relics dispersed ( although some survive as the `` relics of Sainte-Chapelle '' at Notre Dame de Paris ) , and various reliquaries , including the grande châsse , were melted down .
 the steeple and baldachin   were removed  

 Gideon also had a concubine who bore Gideon a son that Gideon named Abimelech ( which means `` Gideon father is king '' ) .
 means   Gideon  

 A controversy exists in regard to whether or not any parts of the historic region of Macedonia are incorporated in the present-day Republic of Macedonia (region) , as very little if any of the ancient Macedonian kingdom is .
 any of the ancient Macedonian kingdom   is  

 Cotton processing in other parts of the world increased , often on machines produced in Manchester .
 Cotton processing in other parts of the world   increased  

 Before the 2013 season , Toronto Maple Leafs remained the only NHL team that had not qualified for the playoffs since the 2005 NHL lockout .
 the only NHL team   had not qualified  

 John Diefenbaker had supported Claude Wagner for leader , but when Clark won , stated that Clark would make `` a remarkable leader of this party '' .
 Clark   won  

 Zaccheroni could not help the side improve , as Juventus F.C. finished the season in seventh place in Serie A. For the 2010 -- 11 season , Jean-Claude Blanc was replaced by Andrea Agnelli as the club 's president .
 the side   improve  

 Champion players in this era included Bob Quinn , Sampson Hosking , Les Dayman and Bob McLean Desperate to improve Port Adelaide Football Club performance , the Port Adelaide committee went in search of a coach that could win Port Adelaide Football Club a premiership .
 the Port Adelaide committee   went  

 An alternate form of `` B & '' is `` B7 '' , as the ampersand is typed with the `` 7 '' key in the standard US keyboard layout .
 the ampersand   is typed  

 Safeword is a `` word '' at all , which is very useful when the submissive is bound and gagged .
 the submissive   is bound  

 The tone stressed vowels can be approximated in English with set vs setting ?
 vowels   can be approximated  

 Since each vertex can be augmented with other attributes ( such as color or normal ) the amount of processing involved can not be trivially inferred .
 the amount of processing   involved  

 Lovelock still believes the climate to be warming although the rate of change is not as James Lovelock once thought , James Lovelock admitted that James Lovelock had been `` extrapolating too far '' .
 the climate   to be warming  

 In 2009 more than half of all aluminium cans produced came from recycled aluminium .
 all aluminium cans   produced  

 Various cations have a specific range of possible coordination numbers ; for silicon , Mineral is almost always 4 , except for very high-pressure minerals where compound is compressed such that silicon is in six-fold ( octahedral ) coordination by oxygen .
 compound   is compressed  

 The outcome of this legal challenge is particularly relevant to the Geron Corp. as Stem cell can only license patents that are upheld .
 patents   are upheld  

 While still experimental ( given Systemic scleroderma high rate of complications ) , hematopoietic stem cell transplantation is being studied in patients with severe systemic sclerosis ; improvement in life expectancy and severity of skin changes has been noted .
 improvement in life expectancy and severity of skin changes   has been noted  

 On July 13 , 2007 , the Senate voted to double the reward to $ 50 million though the amount was never changed .
 the amount   was never changed  

 ( Antinoum suum , dum per Nilum navigat , quem muliebriter flevit ) There are various rumours about this person , some asserting that Antinous offered Antinous as a sacrifice on behalf of Hadrian , others - what both Antinous beauty and Hadrian 's excessive pleasure-seeking suggest .
 both Antinous beauty and Hadrian 's excessive pleasure-seeking   suggest  

 However , later work by biologists and statisticians such as R. A. Fisher showed that if multiple Mendelian inheritance factors were involved in the expression of an individual trait , they could produce the diverse results observed .
 the diverse results   observed  

 For most numerical calculations involving , a handful of digits provide sufficient precision .
 most numerical calculations   involving  

 At and below tree line , avalanche paths through drainages are well defined by vegetation boundaries called trim lines , which occur where avalanches have removed trees and prevented regrowth of large vegetation .
 vegetation boundaries   called  

 Gustave Gilbert , an American Army psychologist , was allowed to examine the Nazi leaders who stood trial .
 Gustave Gilbert   was allowed  

 These relations , however , were expected to play a secondary role to marriage , within which institution an adult male demonstrated his masculine authority as head of the household ( paterfamilias ) .
 These relations   were expected  

 Some manufactures market reflector sight models they call `` parallax free '' , but this refers to an optical system that compensates for off axis spherical aberration , an optical error induced by the spherical mirror used in the sight that can cause the reticle position to diverge off the sight 's optical axis with change in eye position .
 the reticle position   to diverge off  

 Artificial fibres are made by extruding a polymer through a spinneret into a medium where Spinning (textiles) hardens .
 Artificial fibres   are made  

 The first full-line year-round Saks store was opened in Chicago , in 1929 , followed by another resort store in Miami Beach , Florida .
 The first full-line year-round Saks store   followed  

 Furniture and other gravegoods , as well as the human remains revealed a group of people buried in the 4th and 5th centuries AD .
 the human   remains  

 A semigroup is said to be periodic if all of Semigroup elements are of finite order .
 A semigroup   is said  

 Tamar Nafar says `` when I heard Tupac sing `` It 's a White Man 's World '' I decided to take hip hop seriously '' .
 Tamar Nafar   says  

 Indeed , the hokioi seems to be a composite mythical beast inspired by actual animals , just like Roc (mythology) appears to have been .
 the hokioi   seems  

 The Theban army under Pelopidas is said to have been dismayed by an eclipse ( on July 13 , 364 , see 4th century BC eclipses ) , and Pelopidas , leaving the bulk of Alexander of Pherae army behind , entered Thessaly at the head of three hundred volunteer horsemen and some mercenaries .
 The Theban army under Pelopidas   is said  

 Thus , Wittgenstein argues , if we can talk about something , then Philosophical Investigations is not private , in the sense considered .
 the sense   considered  

 This crisis having passed , Kourkouas was free to return to the eastern frontier .
 This crisis   having passed  

 The outer two rings in Proteasome stack consist of seven α subunits each , which serve as docking domains for the regulatory particles and the alpha subunits N-termini form a gate that blocks unregulated access of substrates to the interior cavity .
 the alpha   subunits  

 PepsiCo will have exclusive rights to the Senomyx sweet flavor ingredients developed through the collaboration .
 the Senomyx sweet flavor ingredients   developed  

 Twenty days after the law had passed , the country 's first same-sex civil union took place in Saltillo , Coahuila .
 the law   had passed  

 Coprophagia also produce normal droppings , which are not eaten .
 normal droppings   are not eaten  

 In the DVD Reviews section , Entertainment Weeklys Chris Nashawaty gave the film an A minus , stating , `` Depp 's soaring voice makes you wonder what other tricks Johnny Depp 's been hiding ... Watching Depp 's barber wield Johnny Depp razors ... it 's hard not to be reminded of Edward Scissorhands frantically shaping hedges into animal topiaries 18 years ago ... and all of the twisted beauty we would 've missed out on had Burton and Depp never met '' .
 Johnny Depp   's been hiding  

 John, King of England used some of this money to pay for new alliances on Philip 's eastern frontiers , where the growth in Capetian power was beginning to concern France 's neighbours .
 the growth in Capetian power   was beginning  

 The six month application period opened on 1 December 2010 , with the winners expected to be announced in the first half of 2012 .
 the winners   expected  

 Lennon 's first son , Julian , was born as John Lennon commitments with the Beatles intensified at the height of Beatlemania during John Lennon marriage to Cynthia .
 John Lennon   commitments  

 For example , a French board game called Blokus is played with 4 opposing color sets of polyominoes .
 a French board game called Blokus   is played  

 Always keen to punish members by humiliating them , Abu Nidal insisted Abu Nidal remain in the Intelligence Directorate , forcing Abu Nidal to work for Abu Nidal previous subordinates , who were reportedly instructed to treat Abu Nidal with contempt , to the extent that new members saw their promotion rest on how unpleasant they could be to Isa .
 they   could be  

 Connacht merchant families , The Tribes of Galway , traded within Ireland , as well as Britain , France and Spain till it was reckoned one of Ireland 's most eminent towns .
 it   was reckoned  

 Some of the names above were once associated with independent goddesses ( such as Ninmah and Ninmenna ) , who later became identified and merged with Ninhursag , and myths exist in which the name Ninhursag is not mentioned .
 Some of the names   exist  

 A foul can occur for numerous reasons , such as hitting a colour first when the player was attempting to hit a red , potting the cue ball , or failing to escape from '' '' ( a situation where the previous player finished his/her turn leaving the cue ball in a position where none of the balls on can be struck at both extreme edges free of obstruction by any ball not on ) .
 A foul   can occur  

 ( The accident investigation found this odor not to be related in any way to the fire .
 this odor   not to be related  

 Dijkstra would distribute photocopies of a new EWD among Edsger W. Dijkstra colleagues ; as many recipients photocopied and forwarded their copy , the EWDs spread throughout the international computer science community .
 many recipients   photocopied  

 John Keats composed five of John Keats six great odes at Wentworth Place in April and May and , although it is debated in which order they were written , `` Ode to Psyche '' opened the published series .
 it   is debated  

 Art Garfunkel would later say of Marshall , `` Everything changed .
 Everything   changed  

 If there are only two or three weights , the answer is very clearly no ; although there are some combinations which work , the majority of randomly selected combinations of three weights do not .
 some combinations   work  

 In Greek mythology Ino (Greek mythology) was a mortal queen of Thebes , who after her death and transfiguration was worshiped as a goddess under her epithet Leucothea , the `` white goddess '' .
 her death and transfiguration   was worshiped  

 The New Yorker , particularly in the 1930s through the 1980s , reached a wide and literate audience with emphasis on writers , artists and thinkers on the east coast , where most of its readers also resided .
 most of its readers   also resided  

 Diplock courts were created in the 1970s during The Troubles , in order to phase out Operation Demetrius internments and because of the argument that juries were intimidated , although this is disputed .
 juries   were intimidated  

 The faintest red dwarfs in the cluster were magnitude 26 , while a 28th magnitude white dwarf was also discovered .
 a 28th magnitude white dwarf   was also discovered  

 Despite Virtual Boy popularity , the rental system proved harmful to the Virtual Boy 's long-term success , allowing gamers to see just how un-immersive the console was .
 the console   was  

 For intersexual selection to work , one sex must evolve a feature alluring to the opposite sex , sometimes resulting in a `` fashion fad '' of intense selection in an arbitrary direction .
 intersexual selection   to work  

 Especially significant are the words represented as being spoken by God after the princes of the Twelve Tribes had brought their dedication offerings into the newly reared Tabernacle : `` Say to thy brother Aaron : Greater than the gifts of the princes is thy gift ; for thou art called upon to kindle the light , and , while the sacrifices shall last only as long as the Temple lasts , thy light shall last forever '' .
 the Temple   lasts  

 Although the sculpture on the portals at Chartres Cathedral is generally of a high standard , the various carved elements inside , such as the capitals and string courses , are relatively poorly finished ( when compared for example with those at Reims or Soissons ) -- the reason is simply that the portals were carved from the finest Parisian limestone , or ' ` calcaire ' ' , while the internal capitals were carved from the local Berchere stone that is hard to work and can be brittle .
 the various carved elements inside , such as the capitals and string courses   relatively poorly finished  

 The word comes from the Old English , cognate to swert , Old Norse sverð , from a Proto-Indo-European root Historically , the sword developed in the Bronze Age , evolving from Sword ; the earliest specimens date to ca. 1600 BC .
 Old Norse   sverð  

 The first operating system that took advantage of the Model B 's capabilities was TOPS-20 release 3 , and user mode extended addressing was offered in TOPS-20 release 4 .
 TOPS-20 release 3   was offered  

 A common play would be for David to raise and hope that the button ( the only player who has position on David ) folds .
 the button   folds  

 The program may be simplified if the programming language includes complex data type operations .
 The program   may be simplified  

 Since the 1990s to the present , responses to mad-cow disease , genetically modified foods , flu epidemics in pigs and birds , and an increase in foodborne illness outbreaks , agricultural pollution , and Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations ( CAFOs ) have led people to question where their food comes from and what is actually in Propaganda film .
 their food   comes  

 The international community , especially the U.S. , continued to view Saddam as a bellicose tyrant who was a threat to the stability of the region .
 The international community   continued  

 `` Fraud upon the court '' has been defined by the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals to `` embrace that species of fraud which does , or attempts to , defile the court Statute of limitations , or is a fraud perpetrated by officers of the court so that the judicial machinery can not perform in the usual manner Statute of limitations impartial task of adjudging cases that are presented for adjudication '' .
 fraud   does  

 Systems engineering parallels the taskings of systems engineering ; where Systems engineering deals with requirements development , allocation to development items and verification , configuration management deals with requirements capture , traceability to the development item , and audit of development item to ensure that it has achieved the desired functionality that Systems engineering and/or Test and Verification Engineering have proven out through objective testing .
 Systems engineering and/or Test and Verification Engineering   have proven out  

 For example , Russian geographer Georgi Plekhanov argued that the reason his nation was still in the feudal era , rather than having progressed to capitalism and becoming ripe for the revolution into communism , was that the wide plains of Russia allowed class conflicts to be easily diffused .
 class conflicts   to be easily diffused  

 Lennon said , `` John Lennon could n't sing the damn thing , John Lennon was just screaming '' .
 John Lennon   was just screaming  

 She appears as a human working in a bookstore located in Seattle .
 She   appears  

 Historians stress that Bismarck 's peace-oriented , `` saturated continental diplomacy '' was increasingly unpopular , because it consciously reined in any expansionist drives .
 it   consciously reined  

 Storm , Nova 's fifth studio album , recorded with Mercury Rev as Heather Nova backing band , was released in late 2003 on Heather Nova own Saltwater label , went top 5 in Germany , followed by a tour during which Nova became eight months pregnant .
 Nova 's fifth studio album   recorded  

 The Episcopal Church , after having gathered this information , reported to the IBC the summary of the various experiences of those Old Catholic Church churches that responded .
 those Old Catholic Church churches   responded  

 I 've heard Pixies said about The Velvet Underground that while not a lot of people bought their albums , everyone who did started a band .
 everyone   did  

 The lakes formed are also used for recreational boating and fishing .
 The lakes   formed  

 Once this is done , a second sheet of PET film is placed on top and the whole mold ( with Sail ) is placed in a vacuum oven which causes the materials to bond ( curing ) .
 this   is done  

 This allowed Jerome K. Jerome to create comic ( and non-sentimental ) situations which were nonetheless intertwined with the history of the Thames region .
 comic ( and non-sentimental ) situations   were nonetheless intertwined  

 Nevertheless , this work has become for many `` the piece by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky they know best '' .
 they   know best  

 VLDPE is most commonly produced using metallocene catalysts due to the greater co-monomer incorporation exhibited by these catalysts .
 VLDPE   is most commonly produced  

 But without any means to breach superspace , Top 10 (comics) can not fight the Hell Ditch Pilgrim ; until the Rumor shows up .
 the Rumor   shows up  

 Port Adelaide Football Club both announced a day after John 's death that their players will wear black armbands for their semi-final matches and the AFL players association announced that both games will have a minutes silence before the national anthem is played , which is always played before each finals match .
 each finals   match  

 This led NBC News president Steve Capus to order the footage not to be shown without his permission and announcer Bob Costas to promise that the video would not be shown again during the Games .
 the footage   not to be shown  

 After World War II , the number of the Italian colonists started to decrease ; their numbers had dwindled to less than 10,000 in 1960 .
 the number of the Italian colonists   to decrease  

 In Maple Hill , North Carolina the number of successful claimants was 4 times the number of farms with 1 out of 9 African-Americans being paid .
 1 out of 9 African-Americans   being paid  

 Computerised airline schedules , which had only recently been introduced , enabled the series to be elaborately devised so that David Attenborough visited several locations around the globe in each episode , sometimes even changing continents mid-sentence .
 the series   to be elaborately devised  

 The oldest version of the logo is the one seen on the Acid Jazz Records release of When You Gon na Learn .
 the one   seen  

 Amstrad CPC enhanced features are only available after a deliberately obscure unlocking mechanism has been triggered , thus preventing existing CPC software from accidentally invoking them .
 Amstrad CPC enhanced features   has been triggered  

 Lastly , Alcidamas Mouseion ( a word invoking the Muses ) seems to have contained the narrative of the Contest of Homer and Hesiod , of which the version that has survived is the work of a grammarian in the time of Hadrian , based on Alcidamas .
 of which the version   has survived  

 At first , oxygen would quickly combine with other elements in Earth 's crust , primarily iron , as Precambrian was produced .
 Precambrian   was produced  

 For John, King of England part in the potential marriage alliance , Henry II transferred the castles of Chinon , Loudun and Mirebeau into John 's name ; as John was only five years old John, King of England father would continue to control them for practical purposes .
 father   would continue  

 From an analysis of relationships and diversities within Asterales and with their superorders , estimates of the age of the beginning of the Asterales have been made , which range from 116 Mya to 82Mya .
 estimates of the age of the beginning of the Asterales   have been made  

 Labour fought a professional campaign that at one point scared the Tories into thinking they might lose .
 they   might lose  

 In c. 876 Chartres Cathedral acquired the Sancta Camisa , believed to be the tunic worn by the Blessed Virgin Mary at the time of Christ 's birth .
 the Sancta Camisa   believed  

 As the quartz window is expensive to make , OTP ( one-time programmable ) chips were introduced ; here , the die is mounted in an opaque package so EPROM can not be erased after programming - this also eliminates the need to test the erase function , further reducing cost .
 OTP ( one-time programmable ) chips   were introduced  

 Uric acid ( 8 ) was reacted with PCl5 to give 2,6,8-trichloropurine ( 10 ) , which was converted with HI and PH4I to give 2,6-diiodopurine ( 11 ) .
 Uric acid   was reacted  

 Though procreation is not the sole purpose , Jewish views on marriage is also traditionally expected to fulfill the commandment to have children .
 Jewish views on marriage   traditionally expected  

 Others interpreted it differently ; singer Tanya Tucker was widely quoted as saying `` Who the hell is Dan Quayle to come after single mothers ?
 the hell   is  

 The oldest version of the logo is the one seen on the Acid Jazz Records release of When You Gon na Learn .
 You Gon   na Learn  

 Epicurus is a key figure in the development of science and the scientific method because of Epicurus insistence that nothing should be believed , except that which was tested through direct observation and logical deduction .
 that   was tested  

 While parts of the same type number from different manufacturers are compatible as long as EPROM 're only being read , there are subtle differences in the programming process .
 EPROM   're only being read  

 Li Guojie , chairman of Dawning Information Industry Company and director and academician of the Institute of Computing Technology , said research and development of the Dawning 6000 is expected to be completed in two years .
 research and development of   is expected  

 On October 1 , 1946 the IMT sentenced Ernst Kaltenbrunner to death by hanging .
 Ernst Kaltenbrunner   by hanging  

 The civil sanction for contempt ( which is typically incarceration in the custody of the sheriff or similar court officer ) is limited in Contempt of court imposition for so long as the disobedience to the court 's order continues : once the party complies with the court 's order , the sanction is lifted .
 the disobedience to the court 's order   continues  

 Because the Ohio River flowed westwardly , Ohio River became a convenient means of westward movement by pioneers traveling from western Pennsylvania .
 the Ohio River   flowed westwardly  

 The IRA tried unsuccessfully to kill Wright on five different occasions ; on 23 October 1992 they planted a bomb under Billy Wright (loyalist) car , but Billy Wright (loyalist) detected it after a report that a man had been seen crouching suspiciously beside the vehicle in West Street , Portadown .
 a man   had been seen  

 High continues that the ship is big enough for all of the gods to travel aboard Skíðblaðnir with wargear and weapons in tow , and that , as soon as Skíðblaðnir sail is hoisted , the ship finds good wind , and goes wherever Skíðblaðnir need be .
 Skíðblaðnir need   be  

 On June 3 , 1995 , while pitching for Montreal , Pedro Martínez retired the first 27 Padres hitters Pedro Martínez faced .
 first 27 Padres hitters Pedro Martínez   faced  

 However , Güyük died before the emissary arrived at Louis IX of France court , and nothing concrete occurred .
 nothing concrete   occurred  

 Traffic engineers observe that the likelihood of a crash happening is significantly higher if vehicles are traveling at speeds faster or slower than the mean speed of traffic ; when severity is taken into account the risk is lowest for those traveling at or below the median speed and `` increases exponentially for motorists driving faster '' .
 a crash   happening  

 A sizeable minority of middle-class , local-born people , known as the Peranakans also existed .
 local-born people , known as the Peranakans   also existed  

 Whilst other forms of mass media are restricted in the type of information Mass media can offer , the internet comprises a large percentage of the sum of human knowledge through such things as Google Books .
 Mass media   can offer  

 The foundation year is usually presumed to be 1348 , however , the Complete Peerage , under `` The Founders of Order of the Garter '' , states Order of the Garter was first instituted on 23 April 1344 , listing each founding member as knighted in 1344 , including Sir Sanchet D'Abrichecourt who died on 20 October 1345 .
 the Complete Peerage   states  

 A number of model kits , made by Academy Hobby Model Kits , were also produced , displaying 1/30 scale versions of the marine and the hydralisk .
 A number of model kits , made by Academy Hobby Model Kits   were also produced  

 Plosive known as Plosive , is an oral occlusive , a consonant in which the vocal tract is blocked so that all airflow ceases .
 all airflow   ceases  

 In that very short space of time they had completely pulled down to the ground , their monarchy ; their church ; their nobility ; their law ; their revenue ; their army ; their navy ; their commerce ; their arts ; and their manufactures ... there was a danger of an imitation of the excesses of an irrational , unprincipled , proscribing , confiscating , plundering , ferocious , bloody and tyrannical democracy ... in religion the danger of their example is no longer from intolerance , but from Atheism ; a foul , unnatural vice , foe to all the dignity and consolation of mankind ; which seems in France , for a long time , to have been embodied into a faction , accredited , and almost avowed .
 a faction   accredited  

 Schrödinger's cat can be interpreted to mean that while the box is closed , the system simultaneously exists in a superposition of the states `` decayed nucleus/dead cat '' and `` undecayed nucleus/living cat , '' and that only when the box is opened and an observation performed does the wave function collapse into one of the two states .
 the box   is closed  

 In 1894 , Alfred Austin complained after visiting Ireland that `` the Irish mile is a fine source of confusion when distances are computed .
 distances   are computed  

 The first of Stephen King stories to be independently published was `` Stephen King Was a Teenage Grave Robber '' , serialized over three published and one unpublished issue of a fanzine , Comics Review , in 1965 .
 The first of Stephen King stories   to be independently published  

 Many dishes in Mexico are defined by their sauces and the chili peppers those sauces contain , rather than the meat or vegetable that the sauce covers .
 those sauces   contain  

 In practice the number of shuffles required depends both on the quality of Shuffling and how significant non-randomness is , particularly how good the people playing are at noticing and using non-randomness .
 the people playing   at noticing  

 As the Harold Macmillan government in the UK sought to enter the Common Market , John Diefenbaker feared that Canadian exports to the UK would be threatened .
 Canadian exports to the UK   would be threatened  

 Although famous throughout California for John Sutter association with the Gold Rush , Sutter saw John Sutter business ventures fail while those of John Sutter elder son , John Augustus Sutter , Jr. , were more successful .
 John Sutter business ventures   fail  

 After the initial opening of the Berlin Wall on 9 November 1989 , Potsdamer Platz became one of the earliest locations where the Wall was `` breached '' to create a new border crossing between East and West Berlin .
 the Wall   breached  

 The Doppler effect ( or Doppler shift ) , named after Austrian physicist Christian Doppler who proposed Doppler radar in 1842 , is the difference between the observed frequency and the emitted frequency of a wave for an observer moving relative to the source of the waves .
 an observer   moving relative  

 According to the central bank : `` This inflationary environment , however , is expected to come to an end as soon as the Central Bank assumes full control of monetary policy and replaces the presently circulating currency introduced by the private sector '' .
 This inflationary environment   is expected  

 Early Pictish religion is presumed to have resembled Celtic polytheism in general , although only place names remain from the pre-Christian era .
 Early Pictish religion   is presumed  

 Some episodes featured a `` fourth wall '' effect where ALF is backstage preparing for the episode , and Rob Cowan would appear drawn as a TV executive ( who introduced himself as `` Roger Cowan , network executive '' ) to try to brief ALF on how to improve this episode .
 Rob Cowan   would appear  

 Some of these attacks are presumed to be due to chimpanzees being intoxicated ( from alcohol obtained from rural brewing operations ) and mistaking human children for the Western red colobus , one of their favorite meals .
 chimpanzees   being  

 From the corona , a stellar wind of plasma particles expands outward from the star , propagating until Star interacts with the interstellar medium .
 a stellar wind of plasma particles   propagating  

 In 1667 , with the war lost , Samuel Pepys helped to discharge the navy .
 the war   lost  

